hmm yes how many lame wolf jokes have
you had to endure my life you know I
like them there yeah yes the word joe
liske constantly tries to get the
nickname wolf of Wall Street started
every time I seen was like wolf of Wall
Street was gonna catch on he says it to
no one that's gonna catch on it's gonna
catch on you were saying that you like
the turmeric coffee but you don't like
to admit that you like that stuff yeah I
like recently got into like all this
like kind of like you know there's like
new agey health stuff and and crystals
you getting the crystals I mean a little
bit I'm on the fringe of the crystal you
know might be wearing a little rose
quartz and what are you like what's the
thought behind being into crystals I
honestly think it's a lot of it's like
just in your 30s at some point Oh guys a
woman I think you get into crystals yeah
if you don't get a kid or a dog yeah you
kinda just like you're just like you
know what maybe I couldn't bring some
energy from somewhere it's like like why
not start burning sage yeah I don't
think it'll last forever I just think
I'm in a little bit of a little bit of a
crystal phase okay a spiritual phase
kind of yeah I was like thinking about
oh my god this is so bad why am i
starting so embarrassing I was thinking
about maybe looking up like shamans in
New York you know to be like maybe I can
get like just explore the spiritual
universe a little bit I think it means
I'm lonely but like shamans like do you
wanna do drugs
oh I mean I be I'd love to do ayahuasca
yeah so that's if they're not gonna be
listed you're gonna have to find you
can't just let me Google them some some
narc can just kind of Google Google
ayahuasca you could get away with it
legally right now in Oakland have you go
to Oakland oh yeah yeah Oakland da
fucking stepped up they didn't alized
everything's everything yeah everything
they like fuck it do it yeah yeah which
is what we need that would slowly but
surely that's gonna be the whole country
I
mushrooms are I love mushrooms wanna do
some right now
and I have too many other things to do
today I recently did them and I always
said I didn't realize this it happened
on mushrooms I got so giggly oh yeah if
you take the right amount you get super
here you like just giggled for hours I
was like I was sure I was annoying to
everyone around me which is also pretty
normal but like you know giggling
non-stop at anything
well a lot of people are micro dosing
now and what they're doing is they're
taking a level of they're taking like
enough psilocybin so that you don't
quite feel it it's like you know it's
like knocking on the door or feeling it
like almost there but they report this
amazing alleviation of anxiety they feel
super creative and really friendly and
all these like powerful positive vibes
but they're basically sober yeah I don't
know does it affect you long like if you
actually wanted to take Oh to blah blah
yeah would you have to take like an
extraordinary amount you're gonna be
able to blast off every single time yeah
I could imagine that somehow another
would get in the way the feeling that
happens when you take a large dose where
it's like you just feel the tingling and
you get fuckin scared yeah I always have
to put my hand here for hours at the
beginning of the Gulf War like right
after 9/11 Stanhope and I got fucked up
on mushrooms like the day of the war and
we were watching TV and they were like
and we were watching TV and said war
coverage begins today at 5:00 and he
goes holy shit there's a kickoff for the
war the whole that war that war begin
like the invasion of Iraq the more most
reason one not Desert Storm but the most
recent one that is forever cemented in
my head by mushrooms and him saying holy
shit there's a kickoff there's a coin
toss it was so weird that would make war
more fun yeah they were like they
broadcast it like a game
right yeah they're like flag on the play
there's a my Edie's it might be it might
be the future like when when you have
Robot Wars sure I don't think people
gonna be fighting people
robots scare me they show so much I
don't know why we're making them I don't
I was doing a gig at MIT recently and I
spent like the first 10 minutes yelling
at them to stop I'm making robot these
cheetahs why are you making robot
cheetahs what is the point of that
dynamics that's on MIT oh yeah but they
like they but there's all the same
people they're all working together
Lex works at MIT yeah he's a professor
at MIT Lex Friedman who's a specialist
in AI he's been on his podcast couple
times before yeah they see they're a
little bit too blase about it yeah no I
don't like it I'm not a fan
I won't even have an Alexa in my home oh
don't fuck that they're listening yeah
they're listening I also feel like that
like like 10 years from now people are
gonna be like do you remember she said
she didn't want to have an Alexa in her
home yeah like that's like gonna be the
new racist school hey robot put a mark
in your door I'll never be senator now
I'm gonna put a black X on your door
doesn't like robots you're not gonna run
for shit right oh never never I'm having
too much fun yeah why would you want to
stop having fun but did you think about
like when when Trump was giving you a
hard time did you did you think hey
motherfucker if I ran against you
I could really fuck you up did you ever
think about that no second while he was
tweeting against you and all the all the
craziness is going there never where I'm
like it didn't even occur to me but also
I'm I'm still 34 so I couldn't even run
if I wanted to go 35 35 that's the only
qualification for president 35 and born
here born there's important when is
super important yeah cuz you don't want
anybody sneaking in and just ruining the
entire country in a sneak tip although
if I was like I'd be like a long game
terrorist you know like yeah they were
born here but they were in cells the
whole time
over here this is three generations of
Americans advanced they did they do
plant some terrorists and some
organizations do plan things way way
away in advance
yeah that's like the thing they say
about China that China plans things like
hundreds of years out yeah they're good
at it yeah yeah they're really we
underestimate China well how about that
fucking wall how long it take to make I
don't know probably like six days
knowing how hard they work hundred years
we were just like no we got this don't
worry I'm just tired of being invaded I
mean that country is like I mean they
invented everything everything and they
around forever they've been around
forever and like and we just were like
no no reason to be scared of them
they've been China forever forever
forever yeah yeah I mean America's a
baby a little tiny baby yeah we're a
little baby baby
they have bombs they have the best
electronics they steal everything yeah
all the intellectual property like fuck
you they don't have any rules yeah you
know we copy I used to work at this tech
company and like we had a lot of Chinese
people that work it was a computational
biochemistry research lab so of course
we had a lot of Chinese people it works
there because we try to say very smart
and qualified you're like you're racist
I just said you were smart I'm so you're
amazing is it racist you guys were
amazing well then people think they're
like not all Chinese people are doing
well and I'm like yeah I'm sure there's
Chinese people that aren't doing well
but you know their parents never talked
about well there's a lot of Chinese
people when you say not all Chinese
people are doing well there's fucking a
billion of yeah I mean there's plenty
that aren't doing well but the ones that
are doing well are doing really well
yeah you're concentrating on the glass
is half-empty yeah I mean really but a
billion people the Chinese people that
worked at this tech company if they were
Chinese nationals they were only allowed
to have access to certain parts like
there were certain parts they had to
keep separate from them and they
couldn't know about did they come over
and stare at your computer
me I'm just like I'm just recruiting new
people to work here you're not gonna get
anything from me I don't understand what
we're doing here but the one guy who
worked there he came over didn't know
any English and he learned English by
watching Seinfeld
so I kid you not he had this Seinfeld
cadence any enter rooms a little bit
like Kramer no not the full thing but
every time you come into the office he'd
be like whoa no really
wow that's weird whatever these add
equivalent show in China or if you went
over there and try to learn Mandarin
from a television show like what would
you concentrate on a way to hold your
I'm gonna get to know it's racial you
fucks there's a difference a racial and
racist yeah I enjoy chopstick it's a
great way to eat salad by the way it's a
great way to eat slower yeah yeah but if
you want to eat salad it's like the best
way to eat salad
are you seldom at chopsticks yeah yeah
could you ever try to like create a fork
in a tomato fucking hard yeah you can
grab a lot of lettuce with them
chopsticks forks with sushi get the fuck
out of here you have to use chopsticks
yeah your hands my hands yeah we can get
in this pond can we get a couple I got
some photos of wolfs did you see those
wolves out there oh I have Wolf's paw
tattoo on my side do you really yeah how
much do you regret that a lot or really
a lot are those cat paws and I'm like
yeah whatever that's a weird one the dog
popped a two that's a common weird one
yeah is it yeah yeah yeah it's like
barbed wire oh yeah I love it I love a
good barbed wire side you got any barbed
wire no I've got two sleeves though yeah
yeah these both these arms of sleeves
yeah but it's all traditional
well it's not really traditional
Japanese stuff but it's like Japanese
new style American stuff yeah no pause
no pods not that I wouldn't have got one
I'm not getting it at at tilted I was
like 25 I didn't get sleeved mm my 30s
yeah because I would have made some shit
choice so that should be a 30th decision
oh god I see these kids today they're
fucking 18 they got face tattoos like
bro yeah
slow down it's such a fun decision to
make for your whole life like post
Malone that kids talented as fuck really
talented yeah but always tired you
tattooed always tired on your face I
every time I see a picture of him I get
angry like I spend I don't spend a ton
of time in hair and makeup but any time
I have something there's at least a
little hair and makeup and I'm looking
at this guy and I'm like why can't we
just be that like well I think what he's
doing and what a lot of people are doing
is that they're like going way overboard
to not give a fuck just scribbling on
their face oh yeah did you see the lizzo
thing from the Lakers game know what you
did you feel that I've never been here
for an earthquake oh we're do we're due
for a big Wow that's why everyone keeps
saying they said that there was a recent
shift and one of the tectonic plates
that uh they it was the first time it
moved in 500 years the other place that
I was thinking of moving to was Bozeman
Montana
you know why Jamie cuz it's right next
to Yellowstone so if it blows it blows
right on your fucking head wait
if the like the geyser well do you know
what Yellowstone is it's like I got like
a bunch of water I heard right how much
much much much much more than a
continent Destroyer is a caldera volcano
they didn't find out about it until
satellites wait is that the geyser oh
it's way more than a geyser
okay the geysers there but the geyser is
a result of underground volcanic
activity cool cool there's a
supervolcano under Yellowstone that's so
fucking big that when they first saw
they didn't know what it was and then
they
realized it when they started looking at
satellite images that it's essentially
what happens when a volcano just
completely explodes and the mountain
disappears and it becomes like a crater
yeah so the whole top just blows up and
happens every 600 to 800 thousand years
and the last time it happened was about
600 thousand years ago oh they have
thousands of earthquakes there and you
want to live there great place to live
yeah it's beautiful
oh it's great out there I wanna make you
want to be there for the explosion well
I feel like if it blows you want to be
there because you don't want to be one
of those people eating people oh that's
true you don't yeah I never that's why I
never understood like shelter bomb
shelters and stuff like that yeah
prepper no no I'd rather ya I'd not be
I'd rather not be around if an asteroid
hits you wanted to hit you yeah you
literally want to see that giant city
size thing just coming straight at you
yeah it was your eyes and let's see what
happens when you die yeah I don't want
any shrapnel yeah I want the full the
full ashed right to my face there's been
a bunch of super volcanoes I've killed
people there's one of them that we were
we were talking about um what island was
that Jamie there was one that happened
somewhere around I think was Indonesia
where it killed most of the population
on earth where they were it was about
70,000 years ago they were down to just
a few thousand human beings Toba Toba
was that near Indonesia am i making that
idea Sumatra yeah so where were the
thousand come for them yeah great coffee
well the thousand a few thousand people
other places other than that yeah
because what happens is you get like
nuclear winter yeah with the entire
atmosphere gets filled with volcanic
dust
I think it's freezing cold blocks out
the Sun animals die look at that bitch
whoa
seventy five thousand years ago but look
how pretty it is now no but I mean when
you see mountains that's the result of
activity you know that's a result of
plates moving yeah shit moving upwards
weight with the people really trying not
to care the Lakers game last night Liz
oh oh Jesus is that her yeah
what is she doing there
actually I went to the game last night
and she wore this t-shirt that had this
big hole in the back and she was just
wearing a thong out of it my theory is
that she forgot underwear and then cut
and she was like I can fashion it out of
this hole but I think that's calculated
she first of all she's sitting on a seat
right there
right there and her butt is on that
plastic Delta courtside seat well you
know little Duval you know Lil Duval
he had a great point he put it on his
Twitter page he said how come when
little skinny hot girls wear no clothes
everybody gets mad at him calls them
sluts but when big giant girls I don't
think he said big giant girls I think
he's just a big guy out of giant he's
like one big girls when big girls
dressed like that everybody celebrates I
well my biggest problem with it is it
like it's you'll see all these women I'm
sure being like she's just confident
she's confident and I'm like why does it
still have to be like it doesn't matter
it's still wrapped up in women like
needing to feel sexy to feel confident
right all right like right or you can
just be a really good artist no no to be
confident you have to be you have to
stick your ass out yeah super important
yeah it's a very important people do
when they're confident yeah it's like
when baboons when they're in estrus look
at it they're dancing around well you
also got to remember she's only been
getting a lot out Jesus Christ
hmm how long's she be getting attention
for how's it been that long
I feel like I've only known about her
for like a year yeah so this is all new
you know yeah looks like she's got an
old iPhone who said iPhone back that up
Jamie that shit had bezels on it look
see the bezels on that phone back up
look at that see that see the top see
the bottom she's got an old iPhone oh I
do yeah you might be one of them weird
people like to do it as a choice I just
don't want a bigger phone oh okay my
pocket I get it they're coming out with
a new one a new iPhone that's a real
small one yeah four inch one you caught
a lady phone lady
tired of fucking staring at their screen
all day maybe it'd be like less
interesting are you one of those people
that wants to get into like flip phones
again no I have thought about getting a
flip phone but the promise everybody
iMessages me yeah and then that gets
I've switched over to Android before it
becomes a disaster you miss half the
messages Apple fucks you they're trying
they're trying to keep you from
switching over of course it's genius
figured out the blue text to the blue
bubble carries status yeah you know you
don't want a green bubble just like like
what's wrong with you like what are you
doing yeah or you were one of them tech
weirdos like deep deep deep in tech like
you use Linux oh yeah yeah you're just
like coding all the time yeah like you
have your own like you may like your own
phone program yeah what do they do with
their phones when they they don't it's
not jailbreaking you do that with an
iPhone but you do something different
with the same thing yeah I thought it
was a different name cuz I don't think
it's jail I know you mean like there's
various words for it depends on the boot
loading yeah did something like that so
basically what they do is they erase
everything off of the phone start fresh
with a clean version of Android great
then they add their own skins and he had
their own loaders and whatever makes
them happy launchers they have launchers
different launchers which launcher are
use and think I really geeked out
because with Android you could change
everything yeah I don't care I went back
and forth I tried I tried Android to see
but the the Apple experience is smoother
yes mother experience I have a friend
who only uses an iPad and it only can
only get messages when it's connected to
Wi-Fi
well yeah it's very frustrating when
you're trying to get a hold of that
person have a friend and does that too
it's just like your friend Ari Shaffir
I mean Ari does it - yeah but the yeah
it's the same kind of thing oh I know
another guy who does that - I bet I know
how you talking about maybe yeah he does
but yeah Ari
I mean he'll go well Ari is an addict
and he knows it he understands it and I
respect the fact that he made a
proactive move
yeah - like say look this is this is
fucking dumb I have to figure out a way
to not stare my phone all day I'll just
get a flip phone right then he was like
texting with the thumbs doing that t9
thing fun oh yeah he has an iPhone too
like literally iPhone - he does it is
it's the second generation iPhone it's
hilarious he pulls it out of his pocket
like what is like like fuckin receipts
and diner matches it tells all areas not
just hilarious as a comic but hilarious
is a human character he's one of my
favorites heat everyone snow I also do
like a joke check and you'll get this
weird text from him that's like mmm hey
does anyone have anything about raccoons
and cats eating flags or something you
know it's like it was the combination of
like it's like a mad lib you're like no
I've I've not heard that one before I
guess when you're a guy like him - if
you're writing joke jokes all the time
like everything's a joke joke yeah like
you never know if you heard that before
like you don't you're like your memory
only holds so much of course and and
he's like I mean his joke he is all
punchline yes that's all it is but a
bunch yeah and it's great it's fuckin
the best but it is one of those things
where it's like yeah does anyone have
jokes about like s'mores and hot-air
balloons it to me to me he's the most
underappreciated master of our age yeah
you know he's a like legitimate master
comedian and you know he doesn't get the
kind of love that he should like from
the general public because he has zero
marketing right zero anything other than
people saying he's awesome and people
seeing him be awesome yeah you know and
he's one of the rare guys that got sober
and got better he really did and also
helped bring candy to the club every
once in a while which I love candy so
I'm always happy they'll just bring bags
of candy to the cellar every once in a
while and I'm like I did want a little
baby Ruth yeah she's the best everybody
loves him like nobody will tell you they
hated tell ya I've never heard that once
he had this one there's this one story
of him doing crowd
there's like a group of like Latino
women in the front and mean-mugging the
whole time just arms crossed like every
enough that comics were talking about it
you know like after they're set they'd
be like yeah but then there's these
women in the front we couldn't break
them at all
I tell gets onstage looks immediately at
them and when she goes he goes oh why so
sad did Selena die again oh my god
that's funny
but he has that like laser vision where
he can just he like sees it in the crowd
he has the perfect reference for it holy
shit that's funny oh my god that's funny
it's David have to laugh at that you
have to you can't not oh my god that's
so funny did Selena die again holy fuck
oh my god he's one of the greatest for
sure like legitimately one of the
greatest ever just doesn't get enough
credit but there's a lot of calm in that
in comedy right now to like I mean he's
been around for decades and should
definitely be like widely loved who else
um but like some of the younger guys -
it's like you know like this Mark
Norman's a morale Dan Soder just had
getting some it's just like I feel like
they're all underappreciated you know
like they're guys that are like great
joke writers you know and it's like hard
for them to sell specials now cuz it's
you know oh people are like you're a
straight white guy is that real I think
it is yeah but isn't like um I mean
there are straight white guys what's
that that fuck John Mulaney he's
straight white guy he has
characteristics mm-hmm he does he he
looks nice he's presentable he has a
small dog you know but I'm pretty I'm
pretty dressed as well yeah yeah stylish
stylish very good comment I think your
timing yeah that's right it is they were
gained the old days will have a gay old
time oh now I just want to see a gay
Flintstones remake should do that be
inclusive bigots we're gonna remake all
these shows let's let's do it gave ones
like if you think back like Fred Astaire
and things like that yeah if there was a
guy like that today you like that poor
guy come out of the closet of course you
would yeah you're just like you're just
like no he's just a straight tap dancer
fuck is a straight tap dancer sorry
straight tap dancers yeah Savion Glover
gotta be straight tap dancers I mean
they must exist but but white ones white
straight tap dancers I mean mmm I don't
even know white guys tap dance any was a
few there's like four yeah my parent my
parents used to live outside of
wilkes-barre really oh shit yeah but it
smells out there it yeah it cows right
there's a so in town it would either
smell like chocolate because of the
factory or poop cows or chocolate yeah
boy that's a confusing way to grow up
yeah it really is how many people live
in Hershey I think it's like thirty
thousand you get about thirty thousand
deer around there too yeah a lot of deer
we have a damn bull for deer hunting Oh
day off school yeah it was always the
Monday after Thanksgiving that's when
deer season started thanks for being a
lot of anything I bet yeah oh yeah you
want some I got something I'm good right
now okay I used to eat venison and
baloney like how doesn't boloney's
delicious really good yeah yeah you get
used to eating wild game and you start
preferring it yeah I have a lot of like
a lot of people I know that hung out
there they're bow and arrow hunters yeah
which I kind of appreciate that that's
what I do
yeah really yeah that's all I do hmm I
haven't hunted with a rifle in years do
you have to wait for a long time for
things it's harder it's more
nerve-wracking it's more difficult to
make a good shot it's uh
it requires way more practice like you
could if you know how to shoot a gun
like if I had a good
rest with a rifle I haven't shot washout
a rifle a couple months ago but if I
hadn't shot a rifle like I shot an elk
once when I hadn't shot a rifle in a
year yeah and all if you have a rest in
the rifles on the rest and the rest is
steady all it is is about trigger
discipline just squeeze squeeze squeeze
squeeze boom
let it go off on its own just don't jerk
the trigger keep the crosshair on the
animal and it's not not that hard right
but bow hunting is like a lifestyle it's
a different thing for the guys who do it
it's like when you eat snot like I we
ate elk last night in my house I shot
that elk with an a bow and arrow in Utah
you know like I was there I saw
everything I cut it up do you Barry yeah
I didn't butcher it myself but we
quartered it it means you take the legs
off and the back straps off and you take
all the big parts of meat and then I
send it to a butcher and they'll make
sausages and cut it into yeah how do you
get the elk back to California cooler
tastes like freeze it I'm not playing
yep yeah Yeti Yeti coolers they have
these things called a Yeti hopper so
it's like a bag like a big bag like
about this big and you can get two back
straps in there from an elk elk back
straps like you know elk so bigger yeah
animal I just love the idea that there's
all these people on planes with like
yeah they're going to LA with a little
dog and there's just like elk meat and
storage overhead you put in the overhead
yeah yeah wait
for real for real you have elk meat a
hundred percent but that's great that's
our variable
yeah well you have to look if you I
could either send all of it to the but
what is your security are they like
what's going on do you know you got an
elk yeah I mean they know only places
like Utah they're used to that
yeah this makes me so mad because I had
an Alexander McQueen purse you know ones
you guys know Alexander McQueen purses
right you're familiar with the line they
have ones that have like rings that you
like you put your hand through and it's
like a bunch of rings attached to the
purse well I brought it through security
and they were like no you have to check
this because it looks like brass brass
knuckles oh come on
so I had to check my McQueen purse my
little quilted patent leather McQueen
purse so dick
well Tony Hinchcliffe tried to bring a
pool stick we went to this is what's
this here's what's really crazy we went
to Phoenix this past weekend we're
working together and my friend Scott
Frost has a shout out to Scott Frost has
a place in Tempe this big pool hall
Scott's like a big-time gambler pool
player a professional pool player very
famous guy in the world of pool and so
we were gonna go and play at his place
and so Tony brought his pool cue and in
LA he didn't even check it he just
walked right through security with a
pool cue pool kills totally illegal to
bring on a plane so we're walking around
LAX and I go hey man you have a fucking
pool cue with you he goes yeah I go how
did you do that he goes I just walked
right through what because yeah I just
walked right dude that's illegal you
can't have that he goes I'm pretty sure
it's legal now so on the way back from
Phoenix they were like what the fuck you
doing he's like I'm just gonna bring the
pool cue on the plane it was like no you
not go check that shit so he had to go
back out we had to hold on to his bags
he went back out he had to go back to
the counter and check it and come back
wait why is it so illegal
cuz you shoulda brought someone to death
with it all right I was thinking poke
[Laughter]
you somehow get into the cockpit you're
just fly to Miami no it's a hardwood
club basically oh that's yeah I'm dumb
that's a better that would be a better
way to use a weapon how many wants a
Steven Seagal movie alright but there's
so much stuff like that like oh yeah
well they sell glass bottles yeah inside
the terminal which you could break oh
yeah yeah I didn't have a glass weapon
right but but don't they hold those
wouldn't you have duty-free don't they
whole long that stuff and then you get
it later and buy glass bottles of like
like sparkling water in like in
throughout this thing I think you can
yeah you definitely can buy a bottle of
water like a water bottle but can you
buy like a boss bottle
I think so I've never seen one I think
they have the little glass sparkling
ones I might be we might both before
should hear ya let's write it out I
brought a big fucking knife once on a
plane really went right through security
at LAX again without big know my friend
Jocko gave me this night shoutout to
Jocko and gave me this knife and I had
it in my fanny pack and I just went
right through security yeah it's a
fucking click a big hefty knife yeah and
I was like whoa I got got back to my
place and you know it's like I was in my
hotel room that I noticed I had I was
like holy shit well look I'm just
getting cited when I can get hair
product through what's the rule on hair
products well it's supposed to be under
whatever three ounces but everyone's now
I'll forget or like I'll be like running
late I'll throw in like the full-size
bottle and luckily a lot of times it'll
be like black women though I'll be like
Oh see you know if it's mine go ahead
okay thank you so much oh my god fucking
terrorists it's so ridiculous and also
it's hard to find you know the right
hair product there we're gonna let
people bring knives again they're gonna
let people bring 4-inch knives and they
were gonna let people bring pool cues
but then I think something happened and
there was another event oh you know what
it was you remember at LAX where that
guy shot one of the TSA agents like who
came to LAX a rifle and shot a TSA agent
that's right when that was going down
then they locked it down so if I was a
conspiracy theorist I'd say they don't
want us bring in little knives and pool
cues so they shot that guy the false
flag I mean it it's logical though I can
follow the logic it's just the what they
can't what you can and can't bring is
crazy like how come you could bring a
skateboard I could beat someone to death
of a skateboard oh yeah I'm waiting
better than a pool cue yeah also it's
like you couldn't just have a bunch of
3-ounce things that you combine together
yeah make a big bomb yeah yeah you have
a bunch of 3-ounce things in an empty
tub yes empty tub for nothing why does
it have a fuse you don't know this is
poison
yeah all right could be anything Yeah
right like those little - you could
definitely take something and I probably
yeah I don't wanna give anybody any
ideas because if I what if I did say
that and then someone did do that
see there's a lot of people that are
really crazy and not that creative right
no no yeah yeah they like there's just
like I've only there I knew a way to do
this like use your brain but like the
shoe bomber that fucking asshole now
everybody has to take their shoes off
yeah nobody took their shoes off before
then he had a bad Shuba it was terrible
yeah but he was trying to light it in
front of everybody didn't even do in the
bathroom the fucking idiot is that what
you do you light bombs if I was gonna
light a bomb I'd let it in the bathroom
yeah I would slide it flush it and then
no and then start walking like like you
don't even know what's happening like
action movies where the bomb goes off
behind you yeah yeah do you just walk
let's walk down the aisle you're just
hoping someone instagrams it at the
right time do you like oh we're all
gonna die but also what a good post but
also hopefully your phone is really
durable yeah we did get this amazing
action fuck yeah it's a it's a weird
thing that that everybody gets super
super checked flying but you don't get
super super check when you go to the
mall you don't get super super checked
there's all these other places where you
don't get super super checked yeah I
mean I feel like there should just be
metal detectors everywhere how hard is
it to get on the train
very easy yeah I do I take I love an
Amtrak three tons well I don't have any
but yeah yeah I could poison through
poison
um you know only if I'm trying to kill
somebody but yeah you can just get on
you can get it you get to the train
station if you're there like a minute
before the train leaves you'd get on the
train there's nothing they don't look
for anything you just hop on you hop
right on you ride the rails you get to
look at the beautiful scenery I love a
drink
I do love a train we took a train Europe
I was with my family in Italy and we
took a train ride they do trains really
well it was great
it's beautiful sit back and watch the
countryside drink a diet coke
it was wonderful like in in the UK they
have like really good service on trains
too if you take one of the Virgin Trains
or whatever they come through and
they're like they have snacks they have
imagine being like in the Old West times
when they had those really nice
first-class trains everything across the
country yeah chocolate chocolate
chocolate and like everyone's dressed
like a gentleman and lady yeah and
you're just like you everyone looks
beautiful everything's velvet yeah
velvet yeah
velvet was classic they really liked
velvet why was that anything I think I
probably just felt soft and maybe it was
expensive mmm it just showed that you
were wealthy and then all the stains do
you know that they used to use beaver
pelts to like line the inside of their
hats really yeah like that was like a
big thing like beavers would line inside
the hats and there was something about
the inside of hats that they used
mercury and the mercury made people go
crazy yes bad idea that's where the
expression Mad Hatter came from Mad
Hatter
yeah they came from people not knowing
that mercury was poison so putting
mercury in their fucking hats this is
how like I'm just I'm just like yeah I'm
pretty sure that's true 100 percent
believe you I think it's totally true
right I definitely think someone told me
that on this podcast I have my hard
drive is so over full so over full like
I run into people and I go oh I know
that guy might fuck he was on my podcast
a month ago of course I know like
literally it's like I'm forgetting
everything I'm when I was just getting
old
something crazy yeah all right so this
is the explanation I just read on this
corrosion dr. zorg which I don't know
the validity of it but so it was camel
hair that was used as the felt material
hmm in order to soften that up and speed
up the softening process they would use
camel urine to process that mm-hmm so as
that became more popular the French
workman that were doing that would use
their own urine to soften it some of
them were being treated for syphilis
what was mercury low that would then
bleed into
I believe to some problem how did you
get some syphilis piss on the inside of
your fancy hat sounds like a lot what
you get for having sex outside of
marriage still gives you the clap what
fuck they might have even used the
mercury to process a bit and skipped all
the pee process but that's the first the
first paragraph says it was urine that
did it and then that's crazy yeah I mean
I think I'd rather wear my own pee
family yeah or dude with syphilis yeah
you ever see people the pictures of
people needs to die from syphilis no way
to go
you get holes in your head oh yeah your
nose falls off it's fucking horrific
people develop a big big holes in their
skin like there's this one guy Lyndsey
Fitzharris that's her name right she was
uh she's a woman who got his amazing
Instagram page and she specializes in
ancient medical procedures she shows you
the horrors of ancient surgery right and
one of the things she was showing us was
photos of people who died from syphilis
is terrifying
Oh terrifying terrifying like I just
don't even know who became doctors back
then they were like I got this crazy
idea that'll get rid of your blood and
it's just more some people well that's
where wigs came from you know like when
you used to see old like rich dudes
wearing wigs
that's from syphilis people had syphilis
here's like father's lady's face is
falling off from she shouldn't be a
whore yeah well you know what look at
that one down the middle leave that guy
in the middle with his nose that's from
syphilis and he's still alive yeah or is
he dead they're nice dying mm-hmm it's
not still alive today okay he looks like
look at his right eye
his right eye still nor his left eye
still normal like I should have fucked
that or I'm just like god damn it I
can't believe I got I got a fucking hole
in my head he's like he just keeps
walking around being like it was worth
it yes I came so hard
fuck this base but the wig thing came
from France it came from that's why I
like the expression big wig mm-hmm the
more money you had the bigger the wig
you got and it all came from these royal
guys I think there were cousins
who's royalty but he had syphilis their
fucking hair was falling out so they had
wigs made and so because these guys were
the shit they're like basically the male
Kardashian's of the day okay everybody
started copying them and people probably
a bunch of other people had syphilis as
well the hair was falling out so they
all got wigs so when you see like a
bunch of people in the old days that
were in court and how the the judge and
everyone would wear powdered wigs all
that started because of syphilis
you know that's first of all hilarious
to think that everyone was like in court
man they're like so how's your syphilis
they barely knew what syphilis hole in
the head I just lost all my hair but
look at this wig I'm pimping
there's also do you know you ever watch
like British crime dramas yes they still
wear those wigs for court for court yeah
I'm basing I'm I'm basing British crime
dramas on what I think they actually
still do in Britain I wonder if I feel
like they do it on TV they must still do
it they must in court wonder when they
stopped doing it over here when they
don't like to eat enough when was the
last guy wore a wig fuck you I'm keeping
it who is the last guy who kept the
powdered wig over here yeah oh my god
that is crazy
those are terrible wig those are not
even kind of wigs it's like a little
carpet
well yeah doesn't look like anybody's
head looks like a sheep
that's like a really well cared for and
groomed sheep it like when someone loves
their sheep and they brush it my uncle's
a sheep farmer for real for real in
Pennsylvania in Ohio
really yeah Wow yeah these guys these
guys this is today they're Tories yeah
what's a Tory is that a lawyer
it's one of their parties look at the
fucking look at those guys wearing those
stupid wigs and everybody else is modern
behind them and around
they're just wearing a wig but they also
pull out their phone what's that white
bowtie they have to uh a little white
bowtie
what's going on in the back of his head
the guy in the far right what is that
looks like a tail like he's got a rat
tail is the guy behind him picking his
nose I hope so yes yes yes yes you're
correct
that's why you don't get a wig sir fuck
picking your nose what happened to the
picture accidentally dragged it oh yeah
like so this is fairly recent I mean
it's modern color photography yeah we're
not 2019 so so look at the old picture
down there the the painting the Farb the
bottom of the screen right there yeah
that that's what they used to do look at
these weirdos house like my hair oh hey
it's got a syphilis scar on his face
he's got a whole way it was cheek oh god
we still probably everything got actual
back then had to be terrible disgusting
the smells oh there's so many smell but
people get horny enough they don't care
about smells
that's why dudes in prison fuck dudes
they get to a point like who cares god I
can't imagine well it's like you only we
have standards until like you get
desperate you have standards until you
don't have options yes yeah that's
perfect wait
you nailed it you have standards until
you don't have options yeah that's true
it's like people get we'll do these guys
until what the hell African judges still
wear wigs I just kept scrolling they
started getting weirder this is this
might be some social justice warrior
stuff click on that why African judge is
still wearing wigs is a glaring symbol
of British : well of course it is yeah
but also if they still want to wear
anyone on the call with stop it opinion
Brittany or whoever this is it's look
how they did the top though they're kind
of like fluffed out the top and made a
little different yeah I have their own
twist to it yeah we gotta put your own
style but I guess like having a judge
wear like today why do they wear those
stupid fucking robes those are outdated
we're making fun of wigs
but we're not making fun of these
goddamn wizard robes they wear the robes
are weird too like the Supreme Court
they show where the robes what are the
women where they wear that look at this
guy hey what's up that guy looks like
nice watch Fat ring I think they do they
wear the robes so that you can't tell
like if they're beating off yeah I can't
tell them a boner wear the robes to
symbolize that there's something special
but they're they're much more important
than you I was thinking was like to hide
any sort of affiliation to anything mmm
that would be the charitable way of
looking at yeah I think they wear the
robes because they're mr. Kaul like
they're the ones who they have control
of the law right we understand bang bang
bang they have a hammer I would be a
terrible judge cuz I wouldn't be able to
just I wouldn't just I'd be like no I
just don't like this guy there wasn't
there there was a bunch of those shows
what they were trying to do them with
comedians I actually did a pilot once
way back in the day where it was like a
comedy court and then I would love if we
had comedy court the idea was that you
gonna bring people in with like disputes
like you know you stole his records I
kind of shared and then I would have to
make a judgment and the judgment
actually would stick those people that
had like small claims they would go
there right and they were I think Don
Marrero did one too I think Don Marrero
did a pilot for one of those there was a
few of those floating around for a while
I think it'd be fun if we had comedy
court now but like in the way where a
lot of us comedians got to decide if you
get to stay in comedy or no no no you've
been doing too much social justice stuff
you're you're you're you're barred for
the next six months yeah back to writing
jokes if you criticize someone for
something and then we can pull up you
doing that exact same kind of joke like
if you if you get real social justice
see ya about a bit and then we go Olek
at this ten years ago you fuck yeah you
did the exact same joke I mean that's
what people do on Twitter all the time
yeah they're just like favorite it's so
great because people like you I can't
believe you do this so racist and then
of course minutes later it's like again
so are these times you use the n-word
2012 well back in the the early days of
Twitter no one totally understood what
it was but for me it was I was still had
a day job
and I used it every day I just wrote
jokes yes all of the time just like
constantly I'd read news stories and I
practiced joke writing I had five
followers and I was brand new to stand
up you know like it was nothing and then
it became a place of importance and I
was like I got a delete oh no this could
fuck me and then you got a wonder like
like today people just store and wait
yeah they'll store and wait for you to
get something Oh Comedy Central once
give you a show my what if they know
about this piece of shit come on yeah
well it's it's also back then no one
understood what it was right
like they didn't understand what they
were doing so it's like you thought you
were talking shit to friends right it's
Ashton Kutcher was like the first first
guy was Twitter yeah like what
we didn't think no one knew and that was
during like the heyday of Punk'd you
know we didn't know this was gonna turn
into a thing where you know it would
cause like a what was it the spring
rebellion in Egypt or whatever like you
remember when it would be you're at like
at Michelle wolf is eating pizza like
you would say that you would use a weird
way of communicating you wouldn't say
just stuff you would always say that
thing is doing something right it was
real weird like Jamie Vernon is working
right now right like that would be a
real tweet it was like a status update
yes yeah yeah it was weird and then you
know somewhere along the line it was
this guy touch my tit what what happened
yeah I became like and then I was like
news like if something was like a you
know some breaking some rebellion in
some foreign country people
reading updates and do you be paying
attention to Hong Kong yes holy shit the
videos from Hong Kong they have not
stopped yeah they're still going strong
the thing the crazy thing is like you
you heard a little bit about it in
America and then when the NBA stuff
happened
they were finally like then then
everyone heard about Hong Kong and you
were like wait it took a basketball to
get this to make the news and even then
it was still Sports Center well was
people didn't want to criticize China
look at that look at that fucking photo
so I gotta say again shout out to China
is as soon as the basketball start stuff
started happening the next morning they
were painting over murals and taking
things down I was like these guys do not
fuck around what was the controversy it
was one of the it was like a GM or
something from the Houston Rockets he
tweeted something in support of the Hong
Kong protests and China immediately was
like nope no more NBA we're not putting
it on the TV and the thing is a lot NBA
players have like huge shoe deals and
like other endorsement deals in China
and like they might have an entirely
separate shoe deal in China that's
making them millions of dollars and so
the players were sort of like let's
backtrack on this a little bit did
backtrack right yeah rights are not that
important what's really important is
Nike listen I got it China is at least a
little bit upfront that they don't care
about human rights right like like here
we kind of like gloss over it we're like
it's like we go like an extra step to
pretend that we care about human rights
but we're not the best yeah either we're
not the best but where we might be the
best of the big countries I don't know
who's better Canada Canada maybe but
they're weird they have human rights
like yeah you're not you could get in
trouble for saying stuff yes well you
know that kid Mike Ward you know he does
that comment comic yeah yeah he just
lost his case or he's supposed to pay
thirty five thousand dollars because he
made a joke about there was a kid who
was sick and everybody donated money and
then like a bunch of years later the kid
was still alive and he made a joke like
can I get my fucking money back how's
that kids still alive obviously he
didn't really mean it it's not a
statement he's not saying this like
right he's being funny
he's an a stand-up comedian yes what he
does and they fucking sued him and they
won and so this has been going on
forever Mike was on my podcast two years
ago three or how many years ago Jamie I
don't think it was at this spot was it I
think it was the old spot it was a year
ago okay so it was at this part and it
was still going on and he just recently
lost so it started I believe two years
before that so it's been going on for
several you and Ari actually talked
about it in 2016 or yeah yeah I remember
there was one year at Montreal that
people were talking about yes what's a
big deal I mean Canada is weird
there was another comic who got heckled
by this they were in I think this is in
Vancouver and there were a yuck jocks I
think they've been making this up I
don't remember where it was but some was
on stage and this lesbian couple was
half
they're heckling a bunch of comedians he
got up and called him a bunch of dykes
and said some crazy shit to them and
they fucking like heckles out of context
are so funny
it was lesbian come up in two days you
know people get drunk and they yell
stuff out at comedy clubs and it was
disruptive and so that comic wound up
having to pay money to that that comic
got sued I think he lost I want to say
it was a lot of money I want to say it
was like $100,000 or something crazy
crazy yeah it's like I don't know I
don't like any time a comic is taken
seriously yeah well in that time see the
thing is heckles it's like is this
comedy anymore like what's what's going
on here is there someone just if
someone's yelling at you while you're on
stage they're disrupting your work right
and then your job is to make fun of them
but if you just decide listen you
fucking fat slob yeah oh my god called
me fat like is that funny
no are you fatty Long's case study one
does the same topic because hello guys
race is a race where are you even that
was a joke right
no not serious you know why you learn
one and because wherever that dude was
in Thailand they want some dope cars
yeah we're told make you do think I'll
give you this track totally cool promise
their windows don't break never seen
Kyle Dunnigan of face do you know Kyle
yeah I'll swap videos with Ilan yeah
holy shit they're good I love everything
Kyle does he's the best so funny the
best Instagram page by far that one of
my favorites is when he does the what's
up chicken buddy and he plays his
daughter and he plays this like weirdly
effeminate probably gay dad and he's
like always gossipy about like
celebrities and stuff like oh my god
it's so funny so perfect and his Caitlyn
challenge the best yeah as Caitlyn
Jenner's that's the coop DeGraw yeah I
love
you know commie central this how fuckin
goofy they are over there they were
gonna give him a show you know like a
Face Swap show he's gonna do a face
watch a little been the best fucking
show on her Network yeah but they were
so bad in terms of like cutting
controversial stuff out
he had Caitlyn Jenner fucking Donald
Trump like she was riding Donald Trump
you know cuz he does a great Donald
Trump too and he showed it to me I was
in tears he an tears he goes they cut
this I go what he goes they said no to
this I go no he goes yes too
controversial you can't make fun of
trans people but you're not making
mocking trans you're mocking people I
think you're lifting up trans people
she's she's fucking Trump I think it's a
pretty good look for a trans person you
know something worse look yeah yeah I
mean and I think he she was a Republican
yeah yeah my favorite part was when uh
you know there was the whole thing I was
you know when when all this was going
out and she was winning Woman of the
Year mm-hmm I go do you understand that
she's against gay marriage and gay
friends mom are like what I go do you
understand this yeah do you understand
this did you just I want you to stop and
pause before you decide this is a hero
yeah I want you to look into this is a
moron you have a moron who just happens
to be transgender and just because she's
a famous moron does not mean she's
anything other than a moron yeah yeah
she's still she's still not good know
her fucking this is her response why are
you against gay marriage well I guess
I'm just kind of a traditional girl she
really said that I traditional girl this
is where I wish we could get to with
some of this stuff is that you can be
like yes you have I appreciate and
respect everything about you being able
to be trans do not like you
you're still it's not because you're
trans there's nothing to do with you
being trans I don't like you as a person
I think you're a bad person I don't know
if she's a bad person I just think she's
kind of like but that's where I wish we
could get to know where it's like it's
like no no you can
it's about being anything whatever the
hot-button issue that you are it's like
right
no you're just still a shitty person
well this is where the the loophole has
gone into women than sports yeah that's
where it's gone in and this drives me
crazy
it should drive you crazy it drives me
crazy too yeah women biological women
are getting fucked yes they're getting
fucked over and they're not getting
fucked like Trump with Caitlyn yeah
they're getting fucked the worst way and
they're finally starting to step back
the Olympic weightlifting the the people
who do powerlifting tournaments they
stopped it they won't let transgender
women enter in and pretend to be a
biological woman anymore well there's
one thing that like women have to in
order to like fight this correctly women
have to admit that men are physically
stronger than us and they are 100% our
men are stronger than women but that's a
crazy thing to say that's like admitting
that women can have babies and men can't
it's like these are biological facts
whores but there's the thing like I mean
I've gotten into fights with people
about Serena Williams and they're saying
like well she could be any man and I'm
like she literally can't she can't so
last time she I'm not saying she's not
great but she's amazing she played
against the man he was like some guy who
drinks and like it was like rakes 600th
was like drinking whatever he stopped
her and she's still lost and this was
back a couple years ago when she was
like really at her Pete yeah
it's not fair this all the time it's
like I love track right I but in high
jump the best woman in the world right
now is jumping about six feet seven
inches the best man in the world is
jumping seven feet 11 inches that's
close yeah it's close enough let him put
like you know also jumping six seven my
friend Graham when we were in high
school he's an architect now yeah jump
succeed room 617 he was a good high
jumper you know like he went to a d1
school for it but like he he would have
been a world record holder if he was a
woman the world record well that's
happening now you're getting world
record holders now and weightlifting in
particular yeah were there trans women
yeah it's ridiculous it's ridiculous it
was in fighting for a while there was a
girl who was a man for 32 years became a
woman for two and then started fighting
women without telling them that she's to
be a woman yeah and so I came out
against
and all these people were fucking mad at
me I mean dozens of articles written
about what a piece of shit was and I was
like whoa because I didn't understand
how far this whole PC progressive
culture had gotten in terms of like
completely off the rails and not looking
at things accurately I was like come on
you got to be objective I'm not saying
people can't be trans but what I'm
saying is you can't not tell someone
that I'm by the way I'm a hundred
percent for a woman fighting a man if
she wants to they weigh the same and she
decide only it's smart man he's very
dangerous yeah but some women ken is a
woman who's fighting for the title this
weekend Germaine Duran to me she's a
perceiving find the video during
remainder anda me fucking this dude up
she's a beast
but she's a multiple time world
kickboxing champion Muay Thai champion
she's a fucking Savage and she's
fighting for the bantamweight title this
weekend in Vegas is her this is her
fucking up a dude see now this she just
calculated ly decided that she was a
better fighter than this guy and knew
that he look at this fucking this dude
up and please try and he still clubbed
her in the back of the head there yeah
dangerous fucking dangerous he's getting
in trouble for clubbing her in the back
of the head but she had a boxing match
with this guy and fucking flattened them
how is that guy ranked I don't know I
don't know the specifics behind it but
it but it's super risky for a woman to
fight a man yeah but she wanted the
challenge and I've completely supported
go to the worship flattens them see you
like this Judas swing it's fucking
dangerous but she's a super high level
fighter son out go the lights
you just got flatlined by a woman kid
watch that again back that up again but
it's this is a you're talking about a
guy who's just the Schmo I mean not a
bad fighter knows how to punch but
that's a world champion so I'm if
someone wants it like Jermaine Duran to
me once do that I wouldn't say she
couldn't do it
you do whatever you want but the idea
that you can not tell someone that you
were a man for 30 years yeah I got into
a conversation with this on Twitter back
when I used to get in conversations with
people okay and your life lady actually
said this to me she goes she's always
been a woman and I go even when she
fathered a child mm-hmm and she goes
even then I go we're done we're done
we're in crazy town now you're just
making things up I mentally yes maybe
she was always a woman mentally but
physically yeah you weren't so yeah it's
the same thing like son mean mentally
what does that mean I uh I guess I wish
you felt inside that you are always
supposed to be a woman who's amazing the
wrong words anyway but now she's a
lesbian so she's into women yeah I mean
it hello it's such a located like I and
the thing is this is what bothers me is
that you can't even you can't even
question or have any discussions around
it it's we're just like no I want to
know and I want to be better but I need
help understand even the language I want
to be better yeah better be better best
but yeah I mean like I don't like yeah I
want people to live whatever way they
want to live yeah but help me a little
bit here like I I don't know and I don't
even know how to look it up online you
can't you can't it out loud - yeah they
find out what you're searching yeah come
for you know take a wolf pounce
yeah now you can't have you can't have
another special because you googled are
you allowed to be a lesbian literally
have gotten massive blowback on their
careers because of that yeah you know
because of questioning whether or not
trans people can fight I mean Ronda
Rousey got a ton of shit when she was
saying she didn't think trans women
should be able to fight regular women
and mmm
I mean theological women whatever you
want to call it doesn't say regular
woman yeah piece of shit
of course she is a regular woman
everybody so angry and there's such a
mob thing too it's funny because these
are the people that don't want bullies
it's like the same people progressive
people are the ones are like anti
bullying more yeah bully each other you
can't be woken up you can't because
they're just feeding off of each other
like I used to have piranhas okay and
one of the things that happens with
piranhas is when one of them gets sick
the other ones fuck them up they
cannibalize each other all the time
it was weird what an animal is so crazy
like one of them you seen one of them
how a little slight will wiggle to him
wrong and they'd be like okay yeah they
eat him fuck him up I'd come home and
half a piranha be at the bottom of the
tank okay how you fucking creeps I'd
have to scoop it out I had a hamster
that ate the other hamster what I had
that happen when I was a little kid yeah
there's like wet tail was like a disease
I don't know the weird thing to walk
home to when you're five yeah her name
was fluffy and she was eating her babies
in here but we came on she was like a
bloody fucking baby she's holding on the
baby's head is this her hamster there
was no Google back then so now what is
happening here I guess I got to go to
the library and look this up in the
encyclopedia the baby's head like it's a
fucking ripe tomato
oh so disgusting it was so disgusting
was burned into my head I was like seven
years old like holy shit yeah but um how
did we get to that woke people and
piranhas paratus yeah like that's what
they're like is like when one steps out
of line when even when woke people they
don't say hey you know Sheila's a good
person she just misspoke and you know
and she was like I'm sorry I didn't
really mean it that way it came out
wrong and everybody's like that's cool
this is what's important kindness that's
what's important no it's like fuck
Sheila and fuck white people and fuck
the patriarchy and fuck it goes from we
support you to burn it to the ground
burn it
can have nothing anymore and everyone's
trying to stand out as being like ultra
progressive and hardcore with it so
everyone's like making these hard
stances on Twitter where it's like it's
so aggressive I think though that my
theory behind it is that we've always
liked as a as a human we've always liked
to watch people die whether it's
figuratively or literally because like
we used to do gladiator like when people
got the headed or like burned at the
stake that was like a thing yeah like
everyone came to that from the town and
they were all just like yeah because in
that moment your life isn't as bad as
the person who's getting burned right
right and I think that's what people are
people just want to feel powerful
hundred percent they they're there
online and they're like oh I can take
down this person and it's like did you
really do anything today did you really
just destroy someone's life who was
trying to be a good person yeah you know
and like I mean I don't know go after
companies using plastic or something
like that yeah no you're right it's the
there is a thing to that right when
anyone steps out of line publicly and
then people start attacking them this is
not like a personal issue to them right
it's not like this person that did this
thing it's like really affects your life
but the amount of energy that people put
into it and the amount of time like when
people want to go dig up those old
tweets and want to find out things that
you said or you know and and this it is
similar to that feeling of watching a
public execution right everyone's so
excited for it to happen like they're
just they pile on they'll go on your
Instagram leave tons and tons of like
terrible comments oh yeah it's like okay
good did you really feel does that make
your day better what are you making a
face for Jamie what's bad I just from
something dark talked about this about
hamsters eaten they're the last public
hanging there was 20 I was like a huge
media event like 21,000 people travel to
Kentucky to watch it happen there's a
sea a white woman hang a black ocean she
was the local sheriff she didn't go
through with it because of probably the
attention so some eager volunteers did
it and while this is all going on
there's like a media circus people are
eating hot dogs drinking lemonade
camping out overnight is a huge event
and it was 1936
oh boy what did they say he did I was
looking for but setup there he scroll up
it said he was wanted for the rape of a
seven year old woman that was the woman
go scroll up scroll up a little higher a
little higher a little higher there it
is okay yeah see des des confessed to
the rape and murder of a seven year old
Lycia Edwards a capital crime under
Kentucky law and one that fell upon the
local sheriff to punish I could appoint
the deputy sheriff to deputize any
citizen to spring the trap Thompson told
reporters as she stoically resigned
herself to the role but to do that would
inflict an unpleasant job upon someone
else so she's she decided this
disgusting job she was going to do it
and then decided not to and then she
couldn't do it not a good look the woman
throws anything post-slavery post 1865
there were so many crimes that people
were arrested for that were nothing
where men were being forced to do labor
so what what it would happen was because
the fact that slavery was now abolished
these men would be loitering right and
people didn't know what the fuck to do
like imagine you were slave your whole
life you grew up a slave and then all
sudden you're free like you're like what
the fuck yeah what do I do well they
would just arrest you yeah and then make
you do hard labor in jail for nothing
yeah they that's they essentially
figured out how to make slavery legal
and it did it for decades yeah I mean
these don't sort of do it today sure
yeah I mean when you make a guy work in
jail for a dollar a day whatever the
fuck they pay how was that not slavery
yeah we given him gruel what are you
giving them white bread and fuckin
shitty meatloaf what are you feeding him
it's one of those things where I'm like
we we get so mad at like such a lot of
the current stuff that's happening with
like who what we're supposed to be
saying you know like the right pronouns
to use all that stuff and it's like yeah
okay I'll try to say the right pronouns
that's a pretty easy fix how about we go
back and like kind of correct some of
this 400 years
slavery and oppression that we did for
black people oh is it because it's
harder to do like pronoun solvable
problem save them is easy yeah captain
pink hair I think the real problem is
these communities like they've never
recovered like places like Baltimore
there's there's certain communities that
have been the same forever and South
Side Chicago is another one right
there's these communities that they're
just they're fucked with riddled with
crime and drugs and so many people in
and out of jail and this constant
recidivism rate yeah you grow up there
you're you're in that system like they
would have to maybe in a terrible public
well like sure you have to work gangs as
early as you can
drugs I mean the people that are heroes
in your neighborhood are drug dealers so
what do you how do you fix that boy
there's no effort put to that in terms
of like like like a systematic national
effort on the federal level to step in
and do something to these communities
and do it on a scale that we do in other
countries when we bomb the fuck out of
them right
and also just admit that we're racist
like when apartheid after apartheid
happened they had like a date look there
was a couple days of reckoning or
whatever it was called where everyone
went up and they were like these are the
things I did really yeah these are the
things I did um these are like the laws
I broke and it was like this like
terrible like cathartic admit to your
racism and then let's try to heal after
that and then we're all just like no
we're not racist and I'm like well some
people are racist but what's racist is
that these communities suffered under a
system that was completely imposed
because of racism right in the 1800s and
then in the early 1900s and during the
civil rights era this is all I mean that
that there's no denying that it's the
echoes of at least ancient racism that
needs to be somehow another addressed
but I mean how do you address that like
people some people want reparations and
like the idea of it makes sense right
clearly someone profited right there are
to this day there's corporations you can
trace their money back to slavery right
right well seems like they should pay so
yeah like if you look at a giant
plantation and they used to have slaves
and they profited off those slaves and
that plantation is somehow no they're
still in operation today right I don't
know if that's the case but if it was
like where'd you get your money yeah
what'd you do and then how do you go
back giving it back how do you get back
will you give it back - yeah do you give
it back to the ancestors of the people
who were slaves and the problem is like
if you give people money I don't think
it fixes the problem I think to fix the
problem there has to be some sort of we
beaten this horse to death on the show
unfortunately but and then I don't have
any solutions no one ever has one I
don't know what it would be but I think
there has to be some way to clean up
communities and I don't know how you
would do that I mean I have no idea how
do you how do you go to a place like
South Side Chicago has more murders than
Afghanistan mm-hmm I mean it's bad
they're fucking bad if I'm making that
up I don't think so
I think you're right but but that's the
thing it's like this is such like an
unsolvable problem and the stuff that
people go after on Twitter or like the
social justice stuff is so easy to do
and it's like yeah of course that's what
you're gonna like you can have a hard
day or whatever a shitty job you have
and then you come home you see someone
got mad at something or did something
wrong and you get to be like yeah this
person you're cancelled yeah and then
you close your computer or whatever or
you watch people retweet it and you're
like you're like I did do something
today I'm an activist yeah yeah I
contributed yes contributing yeah it's a
weird tool you know I mean it's a great
tool sometimes like Twitter is great for
just getting out information letting
people know about something you know you
find something but I use it mostly I
find cool stories like if I read some
cool article that I was reading some
article about China has made pig monkey
hybrids China yeah and they've
successfully made these pig monkey
hybrids and you know they look like
they didn't show they showed a picture
of a pig fetus I'm pretty sure it's just
a regular pig fetus but they weren't
they didn't stay alive very long the
ideas they want to get to a point was it
Pig human or Pig monkey I think it was
pig monkey pick mine you tweeted was Pig
we've heard about yeah how's Joan says
they're doing Pig humans I bet he's
right guarantees right do they do Pig
monkey and then just like a little baby
boy is born but I think what they're
trying to do is develop pigs they're
their hearts and a lot of their organs
are very similar to ours mm-hmm and
their digestive tract is very similar to
ours like there's certain tests they do
on how things are digested and they do
them through Pig stomachs people they do
a lot of transplants with pigs man - yes
so I think that's the ideas eventually
get to a point where you can get
harvestable organs from pigs mm-hmm you
know so they'd have some sort of a pig
human hybrid but you know someone's
gonna fuck one someone's gonna bring it
home and I mean get some pig lady
walking around for you it's kind of a
human vagina yeah John always wait where
does that saying come from like a drum
like a drum pull tight okay sorry
sometimes I'm the dumbest person in the
world I'm like I'm looking I was like
put dress up like a pretty big hole in
the back no you're a hundred percent
right tight like a drum is a dumb way to
describe a vagina for sure yeah yeah I
don't think it but I guess it was like a
weird covering yeah over a vagina like a
like a Mason's fist like a yeah like a
stonemason someone's carries bricks
every day and as fast wrong hands like
yeah but if you can get a pig with a
human vagina well that's what people
fuck sheep right there's not the whole
deal with sheep supposed to be like real
close they say probably in Pennsylvania
- I mean I'm sure
Pennsylvania carried away when people
get you know again what you said no
options no standards yeah if unit yeah
if you found out that no one was looking
we don't fuck sheep because it's gross
they fuck sheep because the Sheep is
that high and right there yeah
what about that poor guy who's the exact
right height for a sheep perfect like I
don't even have to bend my knees at all
the Sheep likes it thank you
who's the victim yeah yeah maybe the
Sheep was like maybe the Sheep keeps
like she keeps nuzzling up against him
like like like a Liz oh damn so yeah
that's that guy's defense in court he's
just like no but you've got a look at
this video you can't tell me that sheeps
not into this here's a video of me
entering into the pen now look they're
all back towards me backwards yeah they
all just go right one of them is buying
I'm pretty sure juice it's a ridiculous
thing the people fuck animals but
animals fuck people too yeah you know
you ever see dolphins dolphins get a
hold of people I've seen a video of that
here's one of the dolphin link came upon
a woman trying to fuck her there was an
article it's the best it's the best
trolling that has ever been done to me
there was an article that said I was
guilty of bestiality Oh said wolf guilty
of bestiality and it was from my
hometown newspaper the homeless town son
and which is a very small newspaper
there's like three or four people that
work there I think but like it said that
I was guilty of bestiality and they did
so much research like they got they got
like the paper the right paper they got
like all this information about me and
then the surprising thing was at the
editor article it said I pled guilty and
the fine was $1,500 and I was like it
was it was about fucking dogs that I was
fucking dogs and I was like well if that
was what I was into $1500 like it's kind
of worth it
how much money you have and how big the
dog's dick is yeah and I was also like
how is the dog is the dog fucking me
what is it like a peanut butter
situation I think there's videos like
that that existed before the internet
there was a video I think was called
barnyard Betty as me and my friend Billy
and my friend Ron we went over their
house and it was in the basement I
remember one of us had a guard the door
okay someone came into the basement was
old VHS tape so they put they put the
VHS tape on and one of us had to stand
by the doorway to the basement just to
make sure that nobody opened the door
and busted us and we watched this
fucked-up video of these trailer trash
looking meth girls that were blowing
donkeys and having sex with dogs one of
them had sex with a German Shepherd it
was so gross there was an episode of
nip/tuck where that happens like Clara's
remember that show there was a woman she
put like peanut butter on her vagina and
their dog would like lick it off oh
that's real how that was all the time
yeah and I was like I was like this is I
remember I was kind of younger and I was
like that's a weird thing to put in TV
with a dog bites yeah Tom yeah I was
getting greedy it seems like a dangerous
situation yeah if you had too many dogs
like you sound like one's not enough I
want to whatever happened that nip/tuck
show I don't know I think I think it
went off the rails a little yeah it was
one of those shows it started out real
good yeah after why like wait what what
the fuck's happening here yeah like yeah
yester went way off the rails like it
started out like wow this is kind of
cool show cool idea a guy was like a
good guy serial killer huh yeah and then
like four seasons in like hey what do
you do who wrote this one with that I
was I loved the show scandal I mean it
was I mean it's just a I mean it's it's
not actually a great show but I really
did like it and the first couple seasons
like this is great this is great season
three and four I was like this is crazy
and then like the end of it I was like
okay they brought it back around but
well the term jumped the shark
came from Fonzie jumping over a tank
full of sharks yeah people like it get
the fuck out of here what is this what
are you doing
have you ever met Henry Winkler I did
actually
he might be the nicest guy alive he's so
nice I saw him at the Emmys last year
and he introduced himself to me which I
was like this is the craziest thing I
can't believe you know who I am
ah that's weird right yes one famous
knows you and I was like this is like I
mean Henry would be a fucking Winkler
could not be further from the Fonz
character yeah like super sweet really
nice guy he wrote a book called I've
never met an idiot on the river
it's about fly-fishing yeah he loves
fly-fishing yeah apparently and he just
wrote a book about like fly-fishing a
lot of people who really like fly
fishing it's fun yeah yeah but it's
weird
there he is the Fonz Oh he'd jet skied
over the shark yeah I don't think this
is what it is he's popping up he's
skiing in a lake or some maybe that oh
that a leather jacket yeah I think it's
more unbelievable that he'd wear a
leather jacket waterskiing then jump
over a bunch of sharks
well how about he's got it in between
his legs look at look how he's doing
that go back to that original picture
that one you just had to figure - yeah
but that's black and white that's too
artsy right there look it he's got it in
between his legs that's the pole wait
that looks like he's really doing that
yeah I bet he is Wow don't work Henry I
mean they didn't have CGI back then he
kind of had to do it right yeah
up until the point where it actually
like flew through the air and then they
got some rugged Brad Pitt from once upon
a time in Hollywood type dude is that
the show it's jumped at that moment has
not jumped the shark as memes and stuff
yeah but it's crazy that it was such a
bad episode mm-hmm that it became like
symbolic hey of a show going off the
rails yeah show jump the shark I like a
good two season show mmm
like I love I love a miniseries I love
things that end to watch Mazal know I
wanted a little bit of it okay here's my
problem with it I don't think the jokes
are funny mmm well it's contextual yeah
and I get that but it's like I don't
know I just have a hard time boo better
listen I've been watching a lot of Lenny
Bruce over the last few months I found
this one Lenny Bruce channel on YouTube
it's got all of his old old clips from
various television performances and they
don't make me laugh you know I know he's
the best I mean it means right I mean I
won't say he's the best but he's the
Godfather of this thing that we do you
and I both do right he's the guy that
started he really is the guy who who
started talking about shit instead of
just telling jokes he started like
talking about social problems and why is
this and relationships and sadness and
all kinds of weird stuff I mean he
developed a whole different kind of
style of stand-up comedy but it's not
funny because you're looking at
something that happened in 1950 in 1960
it's just it's so hard for it to
translate comedy unlike anything else
loses its that or its power over time
they give you and listen to like some
even like Redd Foxx or something like
really great old stand-up this is not
that good I don't know though I do think
there are some jokes that stand up sure
sure I think there's some people that do
it that like even you know 50 years from
now people will look back and be like
that jokes still funny oh yeah well he
had some of those Lenny Bruce had one
joke that many comics have accidentally
told since then mm-hmm because they
didn't know any better but it was about
gay people that being gay is against the
law is a key
it's a against law dig so they put you
in jail with a bunch of guys who want to
have sex with you right it was great
yeah back then it murdered I mean back
then it was just a fucking nuclear bomb
no shit that's what you imagine being in
the audience and hearing someone talk
like that for the first time
like cuz like the best comedy I think is
things you you didn't like as soon as
someone says it you're like I have
always thought that yes you know they're
just like vocalizing something you were
never able to kind of put together yes
and that had to be that yeah in that
audience then being like people were so
suppressed then I mean that's the other
thing about Lenny Bruce he went to jail
multiple times I mean he was arrested
multiple times for telling jokes yeah
just like just kept doing it didn't give
up
didn't safe well this is obviously not
smart right he kept doing I kept pushing
the envelope George Carlin same thing he
went to jail for it - that's real
stand-ups though you know like you know
real stand-up ones that are just like
you know I have to do this yeah if you
don't do it for like a week and people
and you're just like crawling out of
your skin also the audience is
ultimately supposed to be the judge of
whether or not something's good and if
that's not the case then we're losing
personal freedom
we're not asking someone to like you
know you know like someone's not going
onstage and saying you know I'm going to
advocate that you murder someone here's
their address we're all gonna do it
together let's meet up we're not talking
about that right we're talking about
someone cracking a joke and the audience
laughs and they enjoy it and today even
today when when people get upset about
someone's stand-up set and they try to
cancel something and listen to the
audience right was that was the audience
laughing well they know it's a joke
right they're at a comedy show so they
know it's a joke and they were laughing
why do you have a problem with it you're
not even there so you have a problems
look at women in Saudi Arabia you got
against a you fucking cowards yeah again
it's hard yeah it's easy like I hate
anytime like I I'm in favor of a comic
tellin whatever jokes they want and then
like the only way you're gonna know it's
funny is if you say it out loud to an
audience yes and it might not be funny
the first thousand times you say it
until you figure it out well that was my
giant issue with comics that were going
after Louie after that set was leaved
the only thing people should have been
mad about that is that the set was
leaked yeah that should be that should
have been
like you don't know where he's gonna end
up with that he's known for doing huge
premises that you disagree with
and then he convinces you why he's right
in a very funny way and tongue-in-cheek
yeah - I mean it's not like you really
thinks that someone pushed a fat kid in
front of a bullet and that's why they're
talking in front of CNN he's he'll
figure out a way to make that work this
is his first time doing stand-up in ten
months yeah like let let's see where the
joke goes but you know that and I know
that means that's what we do but there's
a lot of people that don't even
understand the mechanics of creating a
joke that right like a lot of times
you'll go up and you'll have a premise
and you're like kind of fucking know
there's something that he might eat shit
with that joke for a couple of months
before it really starts really starts
catching years maybe even you know like
there's I there's always jokes I've had
that like now I'm coming back to because
I was like I wasn't ready to tell it
then and now I'm getting back to it I'm
like okay maybe this direction yes yeah
like it's especially the heart of the
premise like it's kind of take awhile
people have no idea how hard it is to
write jokes well that's our ease entire
new hour he's doing you know his whole
new hour is is called jus and it's all
you know he grew up Orthodox Jewish like
in you know he had to go to Israel and
take religious classes all day studying
the Talmud fucking 1012 hours a day
like he was doing the whole deal and his
whole hour now is about this and we had
talked about him doing bits about that
years and years ago he's like I wasn't
ready as I my stand-up wasn't good
enough yet I didn't understand how to
craft a joke yet yeah and I mean it
takes a way out and get there and
especially stuff that's personal like
that to you and like you want to do it
justice you only get to tell that story
once onstage and then once you do those
jokes
hopefully they were good enough because
you're really not gonna get to revisit
them yeah for you to go back over you're
like hey I put an album out 10 years ago
and it kind of sucks so I'm gonna redo
all those bits yeah please don't go back
and listen to the week after you see the
second version ya know there's some
premises I would like to go back redo
yeah oh I could have done so much more
with that I feel like sometimes though I
feel sometimes you can like you know you
can show a kind of your evolution by
redoing sure
some stuff a little bit but you can't I
don't know yeah you could show you
evolution you could do whatever you want
look Jerry Seinfeld still does old jokes
yeah I mean they're perfectly good jokes
wrong
you mean he's done that a couple times
for specials yeah did he do the Netflix
special and an HBO special I'm telling
you for the last time I think that was
HBO right that was all his old stuff
yeah and I think he did a Netflix
special that was very similar it was
like he went through his old notes like
yeah yeah and I think now I think they
made a multiple special deal with him or
something like that and now he's putting
together his new one yeah yeah I'm dying
to see Eddie Murphy yeah I want to see
him work out I want to see it work out
there was a rumor that he was gonna be
at the store and we were all freaking
out we're ready to go down there was a
Sunday night turn out to be Damon Wayans
but there was a rumor that a legend to
me he's like one of the most unheralded
of the great comics from the 90s yeah
and but he was actually really funny - I
saw him recently at the lab in the
improv so he hasn't done stand-up or
anything in a long time
and so he started to go and do it again
and then there was this rumor that
someone some star who hasn't done
stand-up in a long time was gonna do
stand-up at the store in the belly room
and everybody's taxed and everybody is
fucking Eddie Murphy going to the
goddamn comedy store is that really
happening great and we were all gonna go
down there and watch but it turned out
to be Damon I I'd love to see Eddie
working it out yeah I want to see him
first time onstage I want to see middle
I want to see like the middle yeah I
want to see you in a couple of times
like see though I was like words out of
two months in and then like six months
in or how I'm think he's gonna do it I
hope so I really wanna I mean like I I
don't know I mean I I we know what his
early stuff is yeah he had this whole
life yeah and I mean I think part of it
is he sees Dave just like destroying and
I I hope there's like a little
competitiveness in him where he's like
he's like I got it I gotta jump back in
yeah he still looks great yeah he looks
so healthy like I don't know what he's
doing but god damn it that black don't
crack
not a lie I mean look amazing he's he's
got to be close to 60 yeah and he looks
30 yeah he really does how old is he
58 okay let's pull up a recent picture
of Eddie Murphy pull like when you saw
him with Gerry in comedians in cars
getting coffee he's driving around with
cherry he looks great
yes and Gerry because we're Tyler right
yeah he looks like like in Beverly Hills
Cop he's like he's just thinner
there's just young and I don't mean
thinner that he's fat now I just mean
he's like Bob does he's both that I'm a
man yeah yeah he was a it was
essentially still a child that he's so
healthy looking yeah he looks fuck he's
doing do that the photo I mean he might
be 36 yeah he does not look like he's
almost 60 I mean let me get Tracy who
those gold chains those are preposterous
zoom in on those gold chains again what
what in the fuck Tracy that's out of
Walmart money we're at the cellar and
Tracy Tracy brought jelly beans and he
was like he was like yeah talking about
the jelly beans like we don't have
access to them with our money you know
like but I can't do any impression so
this is gonna be the worst Tracy Morgan
you ever heard of he's like I got jelly
beans
who else you know good Brooke jelly
beans and then he's like eat him eat
jelly beans he makes like all of us eat
jelly beans and he goes not to green
ones what is what are those emblems one
of them is Jesus yeah that's a TM on
that okay Tracy Morgan a big TM a plate
and then I can't tell ya what is that
one the back hard to tell find that
bitch broke that fucking thing has got
to be heavy you might that must hurt
your neck yeah it's like a bike chain go
down scroll down there with Eddie Murphy
with that beautiful young lady scroll
down scroll down scroll look at that
yeah dad's girlfriend I think if there's
a white partner whatever oh well he's um
divorced right isn't he yeah look at
that I think she's had a baby
Wow still fertile yeah 85 years old
she was hot she looks very actressy hot
slim waist nice booty congratulations
Eddie but look at me he's fucking almost
60 years old it looks amazing
look at him this is amazing
yeah whatever he's doing health-wise
incredible this is what I want of all
people in Hollywood who like look like
that I'm like just tell us what are you
doing tell us what you're doing I know
we probably can't afford it
well I could probably can't afford it
but like tell us what you're doing so we
at least have an idea but there's some
crazy shit behind look at that fuckin
picture look at that picture right there
like as your water from a different
place him vitamin this is him for
dolomite right oh yeah he's doing press
almost 60 years old he looks like he's
15 years younger than me at least I'm
looking side-by-side in the screen now
not bad trust me bro I'm pretty healthy
but I party a little too hard like he's
got like oh he's got like a little
wrinkle right here like a little crease
in his face he's a little character
lightly makes him look a little bit
better something that he only has one
earring sign of the times
right oh yeah one diamond earring
he's like I'm not gay gonna have two
weeks that was that's a big fucking
earring to boy that is a look at the
size of that earring that's like a
fucking quarter million dollar earring
Dimond it's good it's a big diamond
big-ass Rock for your ear he had done
well he's done why I don't know if
you've heard about it and you know he
did a thing a few years ago right when
Cosby was starting to get into trouble
when I don't know if you saw it but he
did like this thing where he was at a
panel and he was receiving someone
warrant he started doing a little
stand-up and talking about them taking
away Bill Cosby's awards and Bill
Cosby's uh his his was it was a yeah
yeah I've set in 28 years and I'm
telling you his he was so sharp did you
see it no I remember I've watched it
back then I can't really remember what
he said it's really I remember watching
it back then and I remember
like this guy two weeks on stage he'd be
fine
yeah like you sharp if he had material
he's fuckin sharp yeah
sharp his attack I mean how great did
you know his brother did you know
Charlie that I didn't I mean a huge fan
of his as well he's the nicest guy I
love that guy
that was a bomber that was a huge bummer
Charlie and I did a tour together in
like 2007 we did like 22 cities you
travel together for the whole month like
the whole month together he's the best
he was so nice
he's so cool just just a fucking great
guy yeah I was a big fan of his too and
a guy that was basically a famous person
first and then started doing stand-up
which is the hardest way to do it it's
definitely the hardest way no one wants
to believe you know you're on stage and
people like you're famous you see you're
a plus act that I paid money to see and
you're basically an open mic er yeah and
people paying to see you yeah so he
started out he would host that's that is
a very smart way to do smart dude he
would host and then he would you know
slowly work up enough material that he
could do a set you know and he was older
guy yeah good one that happened I mean
was deep into his 40s when things really
started clicking for him might be an
open mic ER and famous and in your 40s
no I mean at least then though you have
it life experiences to pull from yeah
you hear a lot of these people when
they're like you know some people start
in their teens and they turned out to be
you know the best in the world Dave
Chappelle no but other people start in
their teens and I'm like have some life
first what are you telling jokes about
right you know like I mean like I had
like I had a whole career before I got
understand how old were you started I
started in 2011 so I was 26 25 26 what
was your you we were saying your career
you were talking so I was I started in
finance I used to work on Wall Street I
got a job at Bear Sterns I'm so that's
the wolf of wall show I'm still trying
to make it happen
but I I started Bear Sterns in the
summer 2007 and then it collapsed in
March of 2008 and then I stayed up with
JP Morgan for a couple years after that
but I wore a suit every day I worked
with like mutual fountains and
separately managed accounts when do you
think when did you when when we were
thinking about stand-up were you
thinking about in the beginning well so
in March of 2008 a bunch of friends of
mine this is like before
Barrett collapsed a bunch of friends and
I went to see a taping of SNL I have
always been such a huge fan that
afterwards I was like how these people
do this like how do you get here and I
googled them and they all started in
improv so I started doing improv and I
did that for a couple years and then
even at my first improv class I was like
whatever I just want more of this I'm
like and then I eventually got into
stand-up after that around 2011 but it
was one of those things where I was very
much like you know like a very type-a
get good grades try to get the best
grade in the class type of person and I
didn't really develop opinions or a
point of view mmm and so when I started
doing improv I was like you know like
you make choices and you you know like
and then more I got under stand up I was
like yeah how do I feel about these
things like what do I think about them
and like really just like I don't know
it's just that's how I that's really
when I feel like I started becoming a
person Wow
I don't think I had a personality before
that I wonder if I would have been as
curious if I wasn't a stand-up if I'm
like how much of my curiosity is because
I started getting curious about things
because I wanted to be able to talk
about different things yeah like I I'm
definitely much more observational in
the world than I used to be but I'm also
I might be a little like darker too like
I remember thinking when I was a kid
like I thought about what my wedding
would look like as like a little girl
and now the idea of having a wedding
seems ridiculous like the idea of me and
like a big dress walking down an eye
like there's none of that I could take
seriously but if you were gonna get
married how would you do it I would just
go to City Hall
really yeah well and then have a party
or something maybe later I don't I don't
know it seems weird it seems weird to
have a party right after cuz you're like
let's see if this is gonna stay you're
gonna have a legal contract with someone
especially you now because you don't
want to that rose in bar Taman or old
type deal you want to play some dude off
yeah now like imagine yeah
popping for you you got some guy who
kind of like gums with you on the road
becomes your tour manager no way yeah
well that's the thing
that would never happen to me though
because one of the things I find most
attractive is a guy being really good at
something so I really go to Pina
tourmanager always has the best hotel
rooms waiting for you yeah it's like
there's like every time I go in it's set
up exactly I want to stocked with great
[Laughter]
yeah I think well that's the case with
most women most women I think like guys
are good stuff yeah yeah it's really
it's rare that you see like oh yeah I
mean we want I don't know it provider
someone who's what you want successful
jeans yeah that's really what it boils
down to one attractive jeans women want
successful jeans or they want well they
want someone attractive jeans to they
want dominant genes like a big man big
tall man yeah good features good
symmetry yeah and all those things are
genetic it's normal yeah I've been
working on this new joke about how women
we like we're attracted to the exact
thing that's the most dangerous to us
like we like those men and so we make
more dangerous men mm-hmm like we could
decide to just only mate with like short
soft boned men and make a whole
generation of like killable killable men
and women would be like yeah we're the
ones in power but we're not it's never
going to happen yeah but that would have
to be a real conscious decision that's
yeah against evolutionary biology it
would have to be like women have to be
like first of all we'd have to get women
to agree on something which is it yeah
no but then also like yeah you'd have to
be like no this is the law like a
reverse handmade thing there's nothing
reverse handmaids yeah like we're gonna
out breed all the Goliath yeah all the
gorillas all the savages and barbarians
cut them off
every once in a while like a baby's born
it's like at that height like height and
weight is too high and they're like
we've gotta get rid of this watch them
hold them in the tub yeah oh that's not
wise cuz China's not gonna do that
China's not gonna use CRISPR and develop
Hulk babies we're gonna need we're gonna
need the might we're gonna need the
muscle dum dum dum are you worried at
all about something like that you
worried about a war with China
everything with everything like Russia
China like I've been hearing this term
hot war you know like we're involved in
a cold war with Russia we were involved
in a cold war with Russia what it might
be hot war bullets oh yeah I mean I I
don't know if I can imagine us getting
into a war like that again but I do
worry about like like hacking like more
of like a what's it called soluble yes I
bro why I think that's much more likely
it is much more likely but goddamn if
there was some sort of like a real
attack from China or from Russia I would
be more China than Russia I think the
what up from what I understand Russia
does not really have the money they have
you know they have a military but they
don't have the kind of military that we
have it's pretty big drop off from the
United States to what Russia has but
they're scary enough and dangerous
enough that we have to keep an eye on
them China ever since nuclear weapons
came about people are like yeah let's
not do those kinds of wars and yeah we
still do them in Iraq we still did in
that past Afghanistan we'll still go in
if there's air quotes insurgents right
yeah and you know we need the oil yeah
oh no I was getting a little low no III
were i ho think about I think often like
what if there was a
war and they had to put the draft back
in and then I think about all my guy
friends and I'd be like well first of
all I don't want them to fight like cuz
I like them but also can you imagine
like mark Normand like as a soldier he's
a pretty fit guy he's very fit but I
can't imagine him like killing people
you know like I can't imagine him on a
battlefield he'd be probably make snarky
jokes
I can imagine re killing people
I can imagine re giving the other
soldiers some sort of drug he'll for
sure he would definitely dose their
water supply guys I noticed obtuse find
the reservoir today a lot of fun like
well who out of your friends you think
would be a good soldier um well I think
Dan Soder would be a good soldier he's a
big fella he's a big guy and he's also
just like a football player he was a
football player I mean he's a he's the
teddy bear but he's also I think for the
right reasons he'd be like I would kill
them but it would have to feel personal
to him personally
yeah the commies I don't think it's more
fun to thing about the view I don't
think could do it like like there's no
way Keith Robinson even before his
stroke was getting into a war but after
the stroke man he's got less to lose no
he's even now now he'd be like he'd be
like I'm out I got a stroke look at me I
can't walk I can't fight has he had any
recovery of his motor skills he it's
still pretty much like not super usable
yeah but he gets up on stage every night
jokes are probably funnier than ever his
stroke material is like really really
good really yeah wow that's awesome
yeah and he's he's one of my favorite
people to sit at the table with because
you sit down you're immediately making
fun of each other right you know you're
making fun of everyone else like it's
just jokes the whole night people don't
understand why that's so fun for us it's
to shit on each other it's
it's so much fun it's one of my favorite
things to do it's one of my favorite
things to about comics I shout out each
other it's fun and it also it's good for
you yes it's healthy to like get shit on
to you laughs and like know that you
could laugh you're so people who can't
laugh at someone's shitting on them
they're the worst the worst the worst
yeah it's just like we're just having
fun I thought so like it allows us to
say this stuff it like cuz Cummings will
say pretty much anything on stage but
there is a line where we're like no this
is for only other comments yes yes
there's often times we'll be in a
discussion and we'll kind of look around
and be like guy heard any of that stuff
we were talking about having sex with
midgets I don't think any of us are
gonna have a career anymore yeah if
someone put like a hidden camera and a
hidden microphone in the back bar of the
Comedy Store oh Jesus
yeah really really what I'm trying to
shock other colleagues shock road
hardened veterans because our problem is
that like we want to say the funniest
thing yeah and normally that's way past
the line even past our line or you're
just like no I have this sober October
group text that I'm in with Ari Shaffir
Bert Kreischer and Tom Segura and it's
fucking ridiculous yeah sometimes it's
sober it's sometimes it's so ruthless
and so ridiculous there's no fuck I'm in
a few of those texts yeah we test every
text with other comics are the best it's
so great I also have a group text that's
with a couple of my female friends and
like that one I'll look away from my
phone and then I'll look back a minute
or two later and there's be like 96
texts then I'm just like what happened
and there's three different
conversations going on it's really like
a being being friends with women is a
lot of work mm-hmm it's like you prefer
being friends with men I
I love being friends with men I also
love being friends of the women because
there's stuff that they you can talk to
them about that just like either you can
say to men but they're not gonna have
the in-depth that's discussion about it
that you want it to happen
you know like women bulges and all II
indulge each other and be like but how
say you know like oh he put a period
like was there a period after the taxes
like yeah there's a period well then
yeah I don't think that's good yeah just
left it open
maybe it's casual yeah you know how many
times have you had a conversation when
someone just writes something like sure
yes
look what does that mean I do it all
sure me I do it accidentally sometimes
I'm like yeah sure oh no I don't want
say yeah I'll just say sure right do you
want to go there
sure okay she's mad yeah she's mad sure
yeah sure my sure sounds like a fight is
about to happen yeah sure sure you
always decide you are another that like
more aggressive would be fine
fine yeah do you want to go there fine
Oh fine yeah fuck sir I'm in trouble
fons on a lot I travel fines not good
you go to pick her up she's not smiling
like what are we doing should we do this
should we stay all right if you want to
fight let's just do it now and not wait
till we get to the restaurant fine the
fuck does that mean I also think it's
good for men when women have a lot of
female friends because like oh good for
the other person you're dating or
married too you should want your
girlfriend to have a couple female
friends so that she can have the
conversations oh yeah with like the more
I think about relationships the more I'm
like no many women like your husband and
wife shouldn't be having all of those
discussions like he doesn't want to hear
it he doesn't want to hear it have it
with your girlfriends and then just talk
to him about whatever else like yes I
couldn't agree more
it's it's an unrealistic expectation go
on double dates on my wife and her and
her friend and me and it winds up being
two different conversations I could
stuck with the husband and she's talking
to her friend like oh my god so cute oh
my god did he say that oh my god oh my
god oh my god I just have these these
rambling girl conversations I go hey hey
let's have one conversation yeah I can't
do this two conversations things yeah
and it's like it's so it's so nice to
have like the girls just to be like yeah
I get to indulge the girls side of
myself like that's that's a thing that's
a real thing it's a real thing yeah
yeah they some some people want to
pretend that men and women are the same
thing this is I think that's such a
detriment to both men and women like
saying that women are the same as men
it's like well we're not but also why do
we want to be right why is that
happening
why is that even the standard right like
just let women be what we are yes and
men can be what they are and then
there's some people that do flow in the
middle but like well I think it all gets
conflated with equal rights equality
equal rights equal laws equal you know
willingness to try different jobs those
kind of things yeah and then we decide
that men and women are not any different
and these are all cultural creations and
these are these are things that are
concocted by society right and I think I
mean I think it's kind of it's bad for
women when we say well we're just the
same as men because it's like you're
saying with that sentence that men are
correct and when you start finally start
to think of us as men as the same as men
now we're correct - I like to say is
that men and women aren't math I think
we're not equal were different things
yeah it's not it's not an equality thing
you make all the people like there will
never be equal to you you make every
fucking human that's ever made is made
in a woman's body exactly this this
whole thing though is weird to me
because I'm like where'd this come from
this didn't exist before the equal
rights thing existed before yeah but
this that that it's some sort of a
cultural creation that women are
different than men that this is a
something that society has sort of
imposed on women like no women like
different things yeah and like we like
we just sometimes just like to be around
each other which man I think sometimes
just like each other - for sure you know
like it's like I can hang out with the
boys no problem I grew up with older
brothers you know like all I ever did
was hang out with boys but now like I
also see so much value and just getting
to be with girls yeah you should I mean
it's and men do with men there's a lot
of stuff that men like that women don't
don't have interested yeah yeah that's
okay it's fine this idea like that's
toxic like toxic masculinity like all
this nonsense that we hear today it's
all exactly what we were talking about
before where people trying to control
people and define people yeah it's the
same thing it's like I think that's one
of the reasons you see it a lot
especially online from white women
because we want to have power you know
like we want to we want to be able to
and I mean us being able to tell other
people what they can and cannot do or
say is us just being like yep that's our
power now we might never be better than
white men you know but we can at least
control what you get to say about us
yeah and I think as soon as white women
are like yeah we do like to have control
then we'll be like thank you let's
dismantle all of this you know like it's
just like it's all toxic yeah you know
like how dare you tell what black people
how to feel about you know like what
jokes we can and cannot say about black
people did you ask any of them you know
like I'll you see in a church I'm sure
you see the stand-up shows where there's
like white women with their arms crossed
and then like when you start talking
about race and then black people who are
laughing and you're like they're like
you shouldn't be able to tell jokes
about black people like that it's like
did you look well I think a lot of it
too is people working in offices all day
where they're constantly suppressed
right like they'll the way you
communicated in an office is so vastly
different than the way a comic
communicates onstage in front of a
nightclub yeah it's so different that
most people the vast majority of their
day is under the spell of Human
Resources right you know they're they
have this imposed standard of
communication that's it's not how they
want to talk it's not how they want to
behave and think like look and also men
and women working together is strange
it's strange and anybody says it's not
strange never work with women and men
together because people get attracted to
each other people get petty people get
jealous people get flirty people get
mean people get controlling they place
social games with each other yeah and I
mean it's one of those things where it's
like you can't even broach the subject
now because
people are like it's not an issue and
I'm like no there are so many issues
it's fraught with issues yes like let's
talk about it like okay yeah there's a
lot of sexual harassment that happens in
offices but there's also a lot of
legitimate relationships that happen in
office yes like there's flirting there's
one-night stands there's you know like
all of this has happened you're married
and have kids
people people fuck for a while and then
they might hate each other but they
still gotta figure out how to work
together that happens all the time all
the time the hilarious thing is when
that happens and there's a boss and
someone who's below though yeah they'll
say oh he abused his power and again I
look at from my perspective where I'm
like I'm attracted to men who are good
and powerful so if I were gonna have I
worked in an office and my boss was
really good-looking and I was attracted
to him and there was a chemistry and we
started sleeping together mmm
like that's what I wanted and you know
like yeah this is you cancel just for
saying that 100%
can't say that you want to be with
someone powerful and someone who's who
holds something over you yeah I did fuck
the janitor be a good person yeah I mean
if he's really high get married now
there's the whole thing yes but take it
seriously it's in support for his
culture don't be I'm his I'm his
I'm his way in mmm there you go I do
think like I do see it now and this is a
weird thing but like super feminist
women I do see a lot of them kind of
dating like jawless like kind of
pushover guys yeah and I'm like I'm like
oh maybe they're maybe they're the women
I'm talking about they're like no I
found these short I found these soft
bones men you know like jawless is a fun
way to describe it they're so jealous
jealous jealous men fuck that's such a
bummer but really bad genes like that
like oh there's not a goddamn thing they
can do about that no I don't I don't
think you can get a new job things you
give you a jaw surgery they can like try
to grow your jaw out with like the
Hut you're John break it and oh I know
lady we got a chant shit up
mm-hmm so she got a chin implant I think
they might have done something to her
actual jaw itself too but it was one of
those very unfortunate Chin's mm-hmm no
and then she was gonna eat for like I
don't know they put a piece of plastic
or something where chin like it used to
go in too far yeah I don't know well she
told me she had champlain I was like
what what you know what you like your
jaw she don't like the shape of her jaw
so you got her jaw reworked some of
these guys should get look into that I
don't think there's much you can do if
you have a tiny little jaw fuck that's a
bummer
but yeah working with men and women
worried yeah there's like there's a way
to figure it out but it's fraught with
complications it is and the real issue
is people holding things over you in
order to get you to sleep with them it's
not you being someone who works or
someone who's legitimately attracted to
this guy and then you get together it's
still if I was running a company I'd say
hey don't fuck each other you assholes
I'm trying to make money right yeah I
don't yeah like I don't know and I can't
I can't condone it legally right cuz if
I say yeah what are you banging your
secretary all right take a picture we're
gonna say you you would have to say that
it's in the rules and regulations you
would have to say but it's there's no
way you can tell me that it's not
possible for a man and a woman who
working together and the guys the boss
and the woman works under him and they
fall in love and they have an amazing
relationship it happens all the time it
does Bill and Melinda Gates Oh she
worked at Microsoft hmm she was a shit
bill as a piece of shit I mean he's a
power-hungry piece of shit who abused
his power and you can see it when you
look at basically it's basically right
theythey had a power over her basically
no she's actually been a prisoner oh my
god I can't believe this we've gotta
give her half of that hundred billion
dollars that he has and get her out of
that but that ivory
Tower of course this happened yeah of
course it happens yeah it's what the
real issue is someone sexually harassing
you like some guy was holding a
promotion over your head saying that he
wants you to sleep with them or making
lewd comments and make you feel
disgusted or you show up to work and
you're not interested in that person at
all you just want to do your job and
they're making comments about your
breasts or your legs or your mouth or
fuck oh the mouth comments are the worst
there's somehow creepier than like the
breast or the but it's just like your
mouth oh stop at his picture and with
this just fly down pants still on the
problem is there's no equivalent with
men there's no one thing that a woman
could say to a man that makes him feel
like a piece of meat like that like like
humiliated you it's so hard to sexually
harass men because they're in know so
much of it yeah we'd like it yeah yeah
especially we're attracted to you you
sexually react like your boss yeah it's
like you want this job you got to eat my
pussy but we talking about here can I
also get a couple of certification days
does it depend on the performance she's
like well let me see I don't know I'll
give you a performance review I know
you're married and I have a wife as well
so we're good 30 40 50 grand a year by
the way we are gonna need to get
something to lock that door anyone the
Matt Lauer buttons yeah but the thing is
like even if so even if like a male boss
even if you got everything like in
writing beforehand saying like this is
consensual yes
you I think you could easily say
afterwards it wasn't I felt coerced into
it what's exactly happening with Matt
Lauer yeah that's exactly right yeah
that's exactly he was he was having a
sexual affair with a woman that he
worked with that was an
even under him she was in a different
department and they're still saying that
he had like power over her it might be
correct though see the thing is that
this Rowan Farrow guy Ronan Farrow guy
you know he's obviously a real
legitimate journalist he's done a deep
dive into these things so it's so hard
to say until Matt Lauer comes out and
just like has oh he has to make
statements I guess on all these
different things because apparently
there was some people who got paid off
right and it's something that like NBC
denied and then he's proven there's been
several different compensation payment
payoffs people that were sexually
harassed well I mean even when you hear
like about payments you're like yeah
that might mean it's legitimate or it
might mean that they thought this is the
easiest way to fix this problem unless
you're talking about Bill O'Reilly that
is yeah thirty two million you're like
what did you say that's just like no we
know I don't have to deal with it
anymore just give her the thirty two
million it's like yeah yeah and we went
over it apparently there's also a clause
that she has to deny that anything ever
took place
and then if evidence comes out she has
to lie and say that evidence is not
valid I mean for 32 million clear for
life yeah to work again that lady right
now has probably got her feet up
she's PO got like like fluffy slippers
on sipping tea living exactly where she
wants to live happen this every now and
then she just like wakes up in the
morning and they just realized she
doesn't have to do shit ever yes
fuck you bill I mean she won oh my god
she went she won 32 million dollars yeah
if you live a reasonable life you don't
have to do a goddamn thing with 32
million you take vacations every year
you buy a nice fat new car every year
you live in a beautiful house you shit
you have help you have like I mean yes
yes 32 what is that and just if 10%
that's three million dollars a year just
in interest Yeah right if you can make
any money work for you you're a
financial person is that real can you do
that but get 10% interest it's a I mean
it depends what you're invested in if
you have legit 32 million in the bank
mm-hmm what would you get out of that
well is it just in in in what is it in
the county funds and 401ks and what
would it have to be into in order to get
3 million dollars a year I don't know
Wow would have to be in but I made off
type shit I know I mean I only ever like
sold mutual funds like that's what we
did like due diligence on mutual funds
and stuff like that drug attorney you
know it really depends like I mean
there's there's a lot of funds that like
it fluctuates but there's like a good 4
percent you know like 4 percent yeah
that's not good enough
you need to live like a bar yeah she
needs more
I'm sure there's higher yield ones that
you could use for percents not even a
million a year she needs 10 what are we
gonna do we got a diversified I don't
have anything in the stock market
anymore because well after Barrett
collapsed and I saw I literally saw
people that were working there for 30
years lose everything because they lost
their job and they were reinvested in
the company which they say you're not
supposed to do but this company like
bear-like built itself on being like
like loyalty and like you know like like
work for us
help people move ahead and then they'd
reinvest back into the company you give
it you get stocks like all this stuff
and then you lost your job and the stock
price went from 130 to $2 you're fucked
did it help you when everything crashed
to give you a jump to get him to stand
up and
go balls out no it was art for the male
gender yeah because you can't say labia
out that's very weird
I went real it out on oh my god no it
was like I was I was cheap I was cheap
relatively cheap labor it compared to
everyone else I knew I wasn't going to
lose my job I also came up with a
Microsoft Access program that we used in
the department that no one else knew how
to use really yes no so you kind of had
your job locked in yeah
but the company could go under the
company could go owner but it wasn't I
was still in the early enough phase that
like I I had no idea what this whole
comedy thing was gonna turn into and I
give you motivation like knowing that
all these people that did work hard
towards a legitimate career that it
could all fall apart on them I mean that
scarred me I think in a different way
where I was just like oh you can't you
can't trust the stock market like that's
it more put me like it didn't make me
worry about like my career or anything
like that like I I was thinking was too
young to think about longevity
career-wise and I was too new and in
comedy to think it was like that could
all fall apart I was I didn't assume it
was gonna go anywhere anyway and but it
really did like people always like well
you should be invested you vietmike
they're like no overtime and I'm like no
I know all the sayings but if it crashes
when you want to retire it doesn't
matter
like if you're 60 or whatever it is and
you want to retire and your 401k just
completely drops but then you gotta wait
what ten more years to retire until it
gets back up to where it was
hmm so you know keep it in cash baby you
know yeah you got a safe at home every
now that you throw the money on the bed
and just proposal how bad would that be
like you're like I'm just gonna roll
around this money
and then afterwards you're like I gotta
clean up all this money i test positive
for cocaine yeah you got like you got
every germ yeah if you're naked and
you're rolling around with money it's
the best day that's fucking gross yeah
yeah I don't even like why I like wash
my hands after I touch I should yeah I
mean it's it's everyone's carrying it
yeah so it's it's something that we know
people touch it's like one of the one
things that you know has been passed on
from person to person to person to
person very few objects like a watch or
a light very few objects touched by as
many people as money yeah and often and
strangers yeah dirty people it's on the
ground it's in a machine nice
gross and the numbers of people that get
dollar bills that test positive for
cocaine it's crazy it's all the charts
yeah they did some study on
hundred-dollar bills like the the
percentage of hundred dollar bills test
positive for cocaine it's really high
yeah yeah it's really high yeah I mean I
guess it would be hundreds yeah hundreds
in circulation you're trying to impress
people you see that Walmart sweater they
got in trouble for yeah the cocaine
they're so lame didn't even know what
the fuck it was yeah they were like no
it's snow strong as that what's the
percentage of dollar bills does it say
what it's not legit fecal matter shut up
of course dirty people wipe their hands
with their own hands just smudge it on
their dollar bills maybe they wipe their
ass with dollar bills when they run on a
toilet paper and then they wash the
dollar bill off in the sink but do a
shitty job of it pardon the pun
I mean if you did run out of toilet
paper solid clean it off in the sink
says the flu can last for up to 17 days
on the dollar but oh great hmm credit
cards that's why credit card when people
start getting sick just pull out the
credit card that's why when I was little
I ate ate dirt ain't boogers hate grass
good move
and I rarely get sick good move solid
immune system music yeah that's what
people until that was a gross child for
cocaine 94 percent according to 2002
report for poop
94 percent how including on everything
cuz people are gross like if they always
say like there's poop like there's fecal
matter unlike your toothbrush if I'm
like an area of like how is it getting
there but gross we're disgusting how is
it popping with half and touching
railings after you wash your hands like
I was at Disneyland this little kid was
sucking on a chain your kid chain hook
it up sock it on the chain what's up I
was oh there's so much that's such a
high percentage 94 per poop and 80
something for Coke yeah lot of fucking
people doing coke on hundred-dollar bill
under different strains of bacteria for
animals unjust unspecified domestic
animals yeah yeah if you wanted to
really spread a disease in this country
spread it through money yeah I don't
don't give you with that idea didn't
tell about the plane I tell you my plane
idea but yeah you could it would be
really easy if you had like cocaine on
dollars you could easily just put some
sort of a fucking horrible disease on
dollars yeah there was a guy last night
of the Lakers game who was throwing
money just one dollar bills into the
crowd and people were scrambling for it
and I was like this could be he could be
passing anything yeah easily yeah I was
like or this is a really great way to
see if you're counterfeit yeah or to get
people in trouble yeah eat fucking
losers have ten bucks for free yeah yeah
there's a that's a weird thing right the
throwing money thing
I'm so rich I can throw money away yeah
it feels weird when you're like with no
specified target right right right you
know if you're like I'm so rich I'm
gonna give it to a school you know be a
nice thing I'm so rich I'm just gonna
throw it in the air yeah it's the
ultimate in frivolous spending yeah yeah
I mean even at strip clubs like I can
get behind it because you're like oh
yeah you're paying this lady but it's
you're making her scratch it all up
together and yeah like she's sweeping
leaves yeah it's weird
I bet strippers really hate raking yeah
in the fall they're probably like oh
it's not even money not even money but
they must get money thrown at them all
the time right oh they do they would get
it crumpled yeah and guys would throw it
that has to be the worst flattening it
back out yeah ironing yeah you're like
this isn't gonna get working the vending
machine that's another job where there's
no male equivalent that's as humiliating
because like Chippendales dancers like
if a guy's a Chippendales dancer it
doesn't even come with a stigma no like
he's a good-looking guy with a six-pack
and wants to make some money yeah puts
his hog in a tube and starts dancing for
ladies with cowboy boots on it's normal
no one cares like hey our boyfriend used
to be a Chippendales dancer yeah pay my
way through college I mean it's a real
testament to how much better women's
bodies are like we're just like like the
male bodies like I mean I'm attracted to
it but like it's still just like it's
not something I want to see dancing
around necessarily it's a weird thing
guys dancing is feminine - yeah it's
like a guy's just sitting there dancing
the front it's like what are you doing
yeah like you know when women are
dancing they're letting you know you
could fuck me yeah do you know you could
fuck the guy
guys I'll fuck anything it's so easy I
say like you want to fuck a guy be the
last one there just be the one who goes
it's so we're just trying to different
things to like you know like yeah we
like attractive men but like you want to
get us like show us your cake
of things yeah that's hot like your life
is so fucked up to your Chippendales
dancer we're like yeah I'm just like
what do you uh how come you know your
shit dude you're 35 yeah like it's like
an accountant or something you have a
full beard you should have a real job on
a house like stop it it's such a
different reaction to like when girls go
to see men strip or men dancing they
scream they're screaming and yelling
yeah guys are just sitting there looking
creepy guys are sitting back like this
they're like oh your posture it's a
reverse of roles for guys like the women
are aggressive because you want to make
money like would you like a dance to
dance like the women who come up to you
this is crazy
they're coming up to me yeah it's like
yeah cuz you're pinging him what do you
think would change in society if
prostitution was legal
um I think it'd be a lot less guys that
are stressed I think there would be yeah
I mean I know people are probably a
little nicer I think people would be
nicer I think those women would finally
get like like there'd be like they could
have like a union yeah you know like
they could not really hose and just
break I want to be at a prostitute Union
meeting I really do I really
Jawa charging to no I'm not giving my
fees the health care was not good you
fucking bitches need to step could you
imagine what it'd be like being in a
prostitution meeting all smoking fucking
job this job is fucking bullshit but
there's also like one woman in like a
skirt and heels who's just like we're
not all like that okay some of us where
the we're the classy ones like there's
the classy verse the unclassy side of
the room you know I think a girl who in
college she was she was a prostitute but
she was a prostitute
like she would fuck guys she knew for
money mm-hmm and she didn't want to get
a job and she liked these guys they were
like older married guys and she fought
and she was trying to explain it and I
was like okay so you like you knew the
guys and you would fuck them for money
she's an artist right and she was
explaining the whole thing I was like oh
okay well that's an argument that comes
up a lot where there's there's some
women who say that like no I want to do
this well if you want look it imagine if
you're a woman right and you're in
college and some guy says I will pay you
$2,000 to have sex it'll take about an
hour
mm-hmm versus you have to work for hours
and hours and hours and hours and hours
and the guy's a nice guy right and you
let you go okay he's like this nice
businessman and you maybe would have
done it anyway hey yeah probably not but
either way it's not the worst thing in
the world you see you're not disgusted
by he's not treating you terrible right
he just likes sexual pleasure from a
pretty girl and you like money and then
next you know Jed's a millionaire like
what is wrong with that if that but that
obviously that's best-case scenario
right the worst-case scenario I think
it's pimps and people abusing women and
sexual trafficking and all the stuff
that's associated with the same sort of
thing that's associated with illegal
drugs is associated with illegal
prostitution crime organized crime I
mean that's that's what the real problem
is and look I have three daughters I
don't want anybody to be a prostitute
but if they were gonna be a prostitute I
would like it to be like a legal thing
not not my kids right but if you're
gonna have prostitution if it was legal
first of all why isn't it legal how can
I do okay to fuck anybody you want but
it's not okay to pay for it that's crazy
I mean it's it's it's the oldest
profession yeah so there should be
something at this point we should go as
a society hey we're not getting rid of
this yeah let's just figure out a way to
make it as safe touch people yeah
protect them from creeps make sure you
have security but maybe that's also part
of why guys some guys like it because it
is illegal or biddings dirty
Oh God like if you look at porn it's all
naughty porn that's popular now it's all
like my stepsister stepmother
stepbrother that's all it is it's all
knotted stuff up stuff
everybody step I'm not kidding it's like
those are all the titles yeah it's all
step step this and step that it's we
really people want to be like and it's a
site where see cuz porn is so prevalent
now and it's so easily accessible right
and it's so you just get on your fucking
phone you're watching on the nice screen
and your phones and Forte you stream it
anytime you want so because of that
we've we're gravitating towards weirder
and weirder shit like to get our kink
off like people have to be like I can't
even I can't believe we're doing this
you're supposed to be my sister I love I
love the amount of time it takes to
convince someone important you know
yeah yeah it's just always like oh I'm
not even thinking anything you're my
sister this is crazy
let me see it I wanted the importance
that actually takes the amount of time
it would take to convince that what's a
slot it'd be accurate but if it's a
sorry to slut-shame but if it's yeah in
power you just let it empowered I don't
think you shame oh yeah yeah some people
like like a long drawn-out courtship
sort of deal yeah like some guys like I
guys that are friends with they prefer
that a girl doesn't want to sleep with
them quickly because this way this is a
girl that is making good choices yeah
especially in your 30s you start
thinking about like okay this could be
the one
yeah you hear that a lot of times with
guys like I mean that's how they always
say you're supposed to play the game
it'd just be like no hold out for I'm
hold out for him and it's just like you
have great relationships after a first
one-night stand
yeah I never sent I'm pretty sure it
happens on it all the time a hundred
percent yeah but I also get the appeal
of it I
it yeah I know that people like to chase
it's both things are good sometimes it's
good to have a couple of cocktails and
go fuck it let's do this
oh of course yes why else were you
drinking these moments where like the
universe creates like especially
nightclub moments couple of cocktails
the universe says it just puts those
little seeds out there like you look at
them they look at you and you're like
what do you think great yeah Wow and
then like I always think about like like
I live in New York there's plenty of
opportunities for that how do people in
other cities
you're not even cities towns like you're
at a bar what are you doing like what
are there farmersonly.com yeah is it all
dating hours website meeting up yeah
there's a commercial for farmers I like
it's like a hot girl and Daisy Duke
shorts like with a tractor
I think please tell me how many look
like that Louise zero yeah I'm sure
there's hot farmer girls out there that
live in those small towns Hershey yeah I
know I know I know a farmer from back
home he's really attractive and his
wife's really attracted what the hell
there you go it's real yeah they fucking
work
- are they work really hard for not a
lot of money it's a whole that's like a
whole government yeah and it's you know
they have to like mine their books
carefully it's I mean and then then part
of its just a dependent on like the
weather that year you work so hard and
then office and it just doesn't rain how
about Farmers Almanac s-- like what in
the fuck is that you could predict the
rain two years from now like they have
these books where they're like back
before they have like real weather
satellites you're not farmers almanacs
and they're accurate for the most part
how's that possible
I don't know it sounds like witchery
yeah this is the thing like there's a
lot of things you hear from back then
where people got you know people said
they were witches and then you're like
yeah but else how did they know what did
you know what that whole witch trial
shit was about I don't I don't know was
about her got it was about late Frost's
of late Frost's a lot of like wheat in
particular develops fungus and that
fungus is forgot it's one of the
funguses that could grow on it and a guy
produces lysergic acid produces a very
LSD like effect so these people were
getting acid from the bread
so people were tripping balls and
freaking out and thinking that you know
and also it's always women right it's
always men burning women it wasn't a
warlock
it was up I bet a lot of it was men who
were attracted to women and those women
weren't attracted to them and they were
angry and then they were on acid yeah
and then they like oh my god she's a
witch and then they were paranoid and
they believed in witches back then they
believed in witchcraft and why wouldn't
you if you're on acid eating bread he
didn't even know and also you're like
I'm bewitched been bewitched also it's a
much better excuse for your wife when
you're like yeah no she bewitched me
she's a witch in which there's no way
women aren't gonna turn on each other
immediately they never burnt them though
that was that was a yeah they just
drowned them which is kind of more for
my favorite thing not my favorite thing
my favorite thing it was one of those
things where it's like well we'll load
her with rocks and if she sinks she's
not a witch oh that's right but then
she's dead because she sank to the
bottom and then we feel bad so then
we're like oh she wasn't a witch let's
give her a nice burial then if they put
a bunch of rocks on you and you floated
you are a witch and so then they killed
you oh but I'm gonna guess they never
found ones that didn't sink to the
bottom she imagine if you had a lid back
then forget about all the smells and the
syphilis and all the fuckin powdered
wigs then they're fuckin drowning which
is like Christ yeah and then like also
you just have kids that and they just
keep dying oh yeah but you die you're
like everyone's dying everyone was
always dying well that's also the whole
life expectancy thing you know where
people is like someone X my friend Chris
Ryan I'd explain that to me like when
people think that people back in like
the the twelve hundreds only live
to be 30 years old right on average
that's because of infant mortality exact
so there's so much infant mortality and
childhood mortality that it like lower
that that the life expectancy yeah live
into the 60s and 70s it's just that all
the babies were also dying there's a
great there's a book by Steven Pinker I
can't remember the name of it is
escaping me but it's a it's a really
good book about like um oh my god why
can't any of the name uh can you look up
a Steven Pinker book and it just
essentially talks about like how things
are actually because you know people
always say good old days and how things
are getting exponentially better it'll
continue to get better yeah he was on
recently oh yeah yeah yeah about five
six months ago he's great I really like
him I love is well I love outliers
oh there's Malcolm yeah I love that too
he was on recently - he was on much more
recently he was on like double weeks ago
but Pinker's excellent he's just his
work enlightenment now yes yes yeah he
gets massive pushback on that that's
what's interesting because he's saying
that everything's better that there's
less violence there's less crime there's
less rape there's less all these things
and he shows that statistically and
people are like you're belittling all
the horrible crimes that take place and
you're enabling all these assholes to
try to say things are fine and to not be
protesting about all these issues like
no just using statistics but he's and
he's not like what it's again which
makes me bad-mouthing for social justice
deficit he's not saying don't try to
keep making things better
don't try to like yeah there are things
we should protest he's just saying that
like no statistically we're headed in
the right direction yes and then even
talks about anomalies where we do go
backwards sometimes yes but like this is
all stuff where it's like if you don't
want to know the actual information
don't get in the fight to begin with
yeah and I don't look at statistics
people don't want to know facts anymore
they want to go based off their feelings
that's a lot of what happens when you
talk about women not being as strong as
men with sports but yeah with sports
like we're women when other people or
men who are like trying to fight for
women they're like they want it to not
be true they want men and women to be
the same as good as each other in sports
and it's like
because you want it it doesn't mean it's
true very few people say that but with
something that people do say is that a
trans woman is equal to a biological
biological woman and then that that that
argument is horseshit
yeah and that argument has been
disproved by all these women that are
winning world winning World Records and
they say well there's there's outliers
in sports period so that these people
that are athletic anomalies like Michael
Jordan or whoever you know people that
are just supreme genetic athletes so do
discount them but know that they're
they're coming from a different gender
you fucking idiot yeah but you can't do
that like I know what you're trying to
do trying to find some loophole where it
makes sense where a six-foot six-man can
play girls basketball right but you
can't because 90% of the population
that's not on Twitter the regular people
are gonna go hey fuck you yeah that's
what's going on right now people going
hey fuck you cuz this is crazy
yeah Martina Navratilova they're calling
you a nigger
she's a famous lesbian she's transphobic
Martina and her transphobic she wants
things to be competitive have a trans
only league yeah you're welcome
yes super simple and like people are so
many it's not fair that it has to be
separated it's like yes it is yeah
that's why it's that's why men and women
are separated well this is the argument
that I got in with this guy on the show
he was saying that there's not that much
difference between men and women I go ok
so you think women should be able to
compete with men in sports he said well
I'm I'm not really saying that I'm like
what that's exactly what you're saying
do you think that it's ok if women
compete against men and weightlifting
and in basketball how well do you think
that would work out for women yeah how
well do you think it would work out in
track and field how well do you think I
work out in anything
it's nonsense there's a reason why
there's a diff difference where we
define men's sports and women's sports
for fairness so we should have trans
only sports that way just fucking like
if there's that many of them yeah let's
have trans oh you're gonna find out how
few they really are else it's gonna be
really weird exact but it's also it's
like is it not fair like that they have
to have their own league I mean maybe
but also none of this is fair you know
like it's not like I don't think it's
not fair if they
have there only I think it's the only
thing that's fair yeah well and it's
like none of us have had made any of
these choices like I we're all born the
way we're born right if you're a trans
person and you were born a man and but
you've always believed that you're a
woman that's also not fair you know like
that's like that's a crazy predicament
to be put into sure yeah but that
doesn't mean I want you competing with
me because you're going to destroy me
yeah it's not fair it's not fair we know
it is fair but you're a commie special
that's on Netflix right that a good
segue no it's terrible
stop lying what's it called again joke
show it's on right now
right Tuesday yes Wednesday so tonight
at midnight tonight at midnight
exciting yeah I'm really excited for
people to see it I've seen clips of it's
very funny
thank you very funny thank you I'm
really happy that you came on the show
meet you fucking awesome thanks yeah I
want I mean I think I'm gonna core spawn
and center all these people think I'm
just a political comic and I'm like all
right jokes for any topic yeah like but
I don't like I don't like telling
political jokes but it was kind of cool
the court the the Correspondents Dinner
thing because that put you on the map
yeah I'm very happy I did it don't get
me wrong and I I stand by those jokes to
this day jokes Thanks
I got the president to tweet I yeah yeah
I mean come on
was it disconcerting and that was
happening I was made where that when he
tweeted at me
I like cuz he tweeted once out of the
dinner and then sometime in like later
in the year like months after and I was
doing like I was doing a show in
Brooklyn I don't have Twitter on my
phone and don't know I only have it on
my computer and I am i was out in
Brooklyn do shows and I was like
drinking hot toddies because I think I
was like feeling a little under the
weather and I was like this'll fix it
and I I was someone I kept getting
messages about this tweet and I was like
what's going on what's happening and I
then I finally saw what happened and I
was like well I guess I gotta go home so
I can tweet something back
go home after you been drinking three
back at the president I'm like three hot
toddies in and I'm just like alright
what can I say that was your B best you
said something when you fucking roasted
him well we actually set it on the
podcast just now no no no we actually we
were calling we bleep we we said what
you said on the podcast he said
something about when he I don't remember
the exact tweet he sent me but it was
like something so called comedian did
such a terrible job oh yeah I bet you'd
be on my side if I had killed a
journalist that was doing the Khashoggi
stuff or whatever it was the yeah yeah
yeah the Saudi I'm journalists that had
been murdered this is what he said
so-called comedian Michelle wolf by the
way best fucking that is like some of
the best publicity you could ever get
yeah the president says this bomb so
badly last year at the White House
Correspondents Dinner first of all not
true you can go listen to the recordings
people were laughing like come on this
is so crazy that you say that bomb so
balli what play it back yeah let's play
it back
no there was parts of it where people
got kind of quiet but I remember I was
like first of all this is for the
audience at home but also I was like I'm
it's one of those rooms where you're
like yeah this thing at best there it
feels fine right you know like it's like
a corporate yeah exactly a corporate gig
yeah they will have an author instead of
a comedian what a great idea good first
step and come back of a dying evening
and tradition maybe I will go question
mark what imagine that like maybe oh god
what do you think oh please Donald I
have my new mega hat for that event
because I don't know if he wrote this
tweet though because the grammar is so
perfect mmm I'm like right the - in
between so and called yeah it just feels
like I was like did someone else draft
this could be correspondence there's a
correct apostrophe to the S yeah it
feels like I don't know maybe maybe
dictate
this one and someone would like I'm
gonna spell everything right yeah well
they've done various things to try to
stop him
this is 2018 they've done various things
to try to slow down his use of Twitter
and social media and I do think that
there was a time when someone else was
handling it ya know but now I think he
just fuckin goes guns blaze and
Technology adderall's in a pseudo face
after it you know it's fuckin wild to
see I had a dream last night and I
forgot about it until we started talking
about that he was that he was battle
rapping and that that some woman made a
rap about him and then he made a rap
back at her I had a dream maybe was cuz
I knew you were coming in here and we
were probably gonna talk about it but if
we're weird fucking dream and his battle
rap was pretty good it was like pretty
in people like that it's pretty fucking
good like it was a good battle rap he
said stuff sometimes when you're like
that's like hard you know like this but
then there's other times where like then
you're like wait but he's the president
sometimes the shit he says is hilarious
when he put a fucking giant Trump Tower
on Greenland when they were talking
about whether or not he was gonna we
were gonna buy Greenland he was I
promise not to do this and he shows
Greenlee with a giant gold Trump Tower
in it he tweeted that that's fucking
hilarious
it's funny and then you're also like oh
come on why are you president any time
he holds up a graph of any sort I'm just
like this is great there's no y access
you know I think it's always stuff where
you're just like this is amazing
why are you president yeah I don't I
don't know if there's a better person to
represent how crazy today is though yeah
like if you wanted to look at like okay
yes yes yes Michelle wolf thank you very
much your your Netflix special will be
by the time people here this will be out
later today but the the actual special
will be Tuesday night at midnight or
midnight midnight Monday night midnight
Monday night yes right so Tuesday it's
out so you hear this it's out most
likely it's out go get it go get it
bitches all right thank you
it was fun it was fun I loved it
[Music]
[Applause]